INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES 
('181', '7', 'This movie is a gosh darn masterpiece. It will make you belly laugh, it will chill you to the bone, and it will make you shed a tear. This movie will stay with you long after the credits are over. If you plan on watching this movie, AVOID SPOILERS AT ALL COSTS.'), 
('182', '7', 'The most original film of 2019 and it is wickedly funny and darkly disturbing all at the same time. The narrative and the actors were excellent. One of the better endings of a movie in quite a while. Class warfare at its best.'), 
('183', '7', 'This is a well written and well perfomed original film. With a lot of repetitive cinema these day i felt this was something new. I felt connected and engaged with the character throughout the film. There are several well directed tense moments throughout the film. A popular topic of class struggled well portrayed. Its always nice to see foreign language films having worldwide success.'), 
('184', '7', 'Well written and performed also technically shines cinematography & bgm are too good and there\'s not even a single lag it\'s perfectly edited. Probably the best experience in recent times. Its pure art resembles the modern society the emotions they had shelved are insanely exceptional a layered masterpiece. If you like dark thrillers then you shouldn\'t miss Mr. Bong joon-ho\'s Parasite. Definitely tops the list of best movies in 2019.'), 
('185', '7', 'Do you want to see a movie that will have your stomach in knots, anxious during many scenes? Do you want to see a movie that will have you conflicted on who you\'re rooting for? Regardless of your answers, see Parasite. Parasite ticks along quietly until it is booming in your ears. The symbolism varies. Sometimes it is obvious, Bong Joon-ho might as well have made the subtitles spell it out. But other times it is more subtle, and you might realize a connection or symbolism days or weeks after. Bong Joon-ho is a master at that. The conversation that it sparks is worth the $13-20 it costs to see the film. Parasite has made me think more than most films I\'ve seen. Give it a watch, see it with friends or family and the dinner table will have a conversation overflowing with opinions and realizations.'), 
('186', '7', 'Parasite (Gisaengchung), the 2019 film by Bong Joon-ho, taps into the tensions caused by the widening gap between rich and poor around the world. The film, delivering a strong social commentary that can be interpreted at a universal level, follows two families on opposite sides of the social and financial totem pole. It is a darkly entertaining and suspenseful look at a poor but incredibly cunning family living in a filthy basement and the rich Park family, the polar opposites of our protagonists. The film makes you play a guessing game of which of the two families are the most rotten. Winner of the Palme d\'Or at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival, Parasite shows the extent to which we go to in order to live a comfortable life. The devil is in the detail in this grotesque critique of social inequality and the psychology of money.'), 
('187', '7', 'This movie is so masterfully written and presented with a large cast that older audiences will realize how rare movies like this have become. Its enjoyment comes from getting to know the members of two extremely different families, one very poor, the other very rich. How their lives come together is the wickedly enjoyable first half; then, in the second half the house of cards begins to shake and finally collapse with a fury we both dread - and perhaps even enjoy. Though our enjoyment probably has as much to do with the movie-making skills than with the nasty turn of events in the violent final scenes. If you see only one foreign language film this year, this should be it. Exciting and provocative throughout, it is wonderfully acted and packed with significance for all who live in a polarized society where so many live in luxury, while others live in comparative squalor just a few blocks away. Deserves all the accolades it has already - and surely will continue - to receive.'), 
('188', '7', 'What an amazing film! Clearly an essay on the class divide. Writing lovable but nasty people is tough, but perfectly executed here.'), 
('189', '7', 'Firstly, movie hype of the wildfire sort (ovation, talk of Cannes, etc) grossly overinflates expectations for a film. If you\'ve read 50 reviews calling something \'best film ever\' and then watch said film, I can almost guarantee you will not share their opinion afterwards. No, it\'s not a flawless masterpiece that will be remembered for centuries - but just because others think so is no reason to hate on it either, since it is undoubtedly an accomplished and entertaining piece of filmmaking.'),
('190', '7', 'There is no shortage of films that depict the injustice of social inequality but originality is scarce. With a large proportion of its population below the poverty line, it is noteworthy that a filmmaker from South Korea has produced a work that has attracted almost universal acclaim. Parasite (2019)generates a great deal of conversation but be warned: it is not a film for everyone, especially those averse to gory endings.'), 
('191', '7', 'The film is ok but that\'s as far as I go. It\'s worth a watch but only a score of 6 for me. It\'s not a masterpiece, it\'s not film of the decade it\'s not even film of the year. I don\'t understand how people can give it 10, 10 is a perfect score. 10 is unachievable in my opinion as nothing is perfect.'), 
('192', '7', 'I\'m sorry but I must be living on another planet - I can\'t understand why this film won an oscar and why some are rating it a 10. I felt a little bored in parts and I felt uncomfortable. Reading some other reviews after the film, maybe there were some aspects I hadn\'t analysed and worked out intellectually. But then still I felt it was totally over hyped.'), 
('193', '7', 'There are a few suspenseful scenes and a decent plot, along with comedic dialogue, but that\'s it. It\'s not a "metaphorical masterpiece" that some critics and users are saying. I feel as though too many people are trying to be expert critics like on that episode of South Park where the entire town writes crazy yelp reviews for all the restaurants.'), 
('194', '7', 'I think the great cinematography has tricked audiences into thinking this film is a whole lot deeper/more groundbreaking than it actually is. It has the plot of a rom-com with some gruesome flourishes at the end that allow people to turn this into some type of incisive social commentary. Wow! Class differences exist! Thanks Bong Joon-ho for enlightening me.'), 
('195', '7', 'I was almost peer-pressured into giving a higher review for the simple fact that I\'ve seen none so low as mine, but 3 just feels right. Something unconnected that I need to insert; the comedy element that seems to be so present to others isn\'t even there for me either. It\'s smirk-with-one-corner-of-the-mouth funny throughout, but never really hilarious. It\'s prettiness is its strongest feature and to say otherwise is contrived.'), 
('196', '7', 'All the characters are pathetically unlikable. They only show flaws. You don\'t want to be them; you don\'t want to be with them ... not at the beginning, nor in the middle, nor in the end.'),
('197', '7', 'This lowlife 4-member family was at bay and struggled to a barely survived condition, the husband/father was unemployed for a very long time, the wife was nothing but a mean heartless woman, the son and the daughter had failed the college entry exams for so many times. This helpless and hopeless family couldn\'t simply become a well practiced con-artist family overnight. If they were such great scammers, they would not have fallen so low and so helpless for such a long time. They don\'t have money to afford a dignified basic living standard. They would not be possible to suddenly become expert con-artist so easy and so soon.'), 
('198', '7', 'I don\'t understand what the intention of the director is? What does he want to explain or to prove? Is it a critic of social inequalities? Is it a thriller? A comedy? I don\'t know and none of these styles is addressed adequately.'), 
('199', '7', 'From the first scene this movie reminded me of Almodovar, but without the required intelligent effort to make it a credible story. Metaphorical? Yes and no, that\'s where they lost me. The pace seems fast, but then I found myself wanting to fast forward a number of times, since the overly simplistic plot turn into absurd rather too quickly. If this is the best movie of the year then Hollywood has a very serious problem.'), 
('200', '7', 'One of the great time waster of all times , this movie never fulfilled the expectations , the reason why I wasted my time on this movie coz of Oscars but I never find anything special in this movie , many hundred movies must be rated much higher than this movie.'), 
('201', '7', 'I watched this movie. it\'s a good movie but i couldn\'t understand how it won the best picture. i think this movie doesn\'t deserve that for sure.'), 
('202', '7', 'A family living below the poverty line in a 1st world nation whose kids couldn\'t pass the national exams or fold a pizza box would suddenly become world class con artistes overnight infiltrating a wealthy family? And when things took a dark turn, we the audience are supposed to feel sorry for them, just because they are poor, nevermind their greed, pride and total lack of character?'), 
('203', '7', 'This is not about social inequality. This is about a bunch of con artists who take advantage of a naive wealthy family. Its story is convoluted, far too long, and people are grasping to find depth. I\'ve already wasted too much time on this so I\'m not writing anything further.'), 
('204', '7', 'I was excited to see Parasite, due to rave reviews, and it winning best picture. I was warned by a theater worker that "the first half-hour is slow, but then it gets really good". So I made it through the first half-hour, and kept waiting for the "really good" part, only to find out that it was the exact same; more tedium by a family that was not really likable. The violence was not necessary either, and seemed to be a way to make it Oscar worthy. A lot of Oscar nominated movies have violence at the end, and that seems to be a way to get more respect, or something. It was sad, and horrible, in my opinion. I cannot wrap my mind around the fact that this movie, compared to 1917, Little Women and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, won best picture! Honestly what is going on with those who vote, that vote for this drivel? It was okay, don\'t get me wrong, but that\'s all--merely okay. (For the record, I love movies with subtitles, and have seen several amazing ones, but this was not one of them.)'), 
('205', '7', 'South Korean director Bong Joon-ho ("Okja") says that he always tries to overturn viewer expectations and hopes that his latest film succeeds in this way. Palme d\'Or winner at the 2019 Cannes Film festival, Bong\'s Parasite (Gisaengchung) does indeed thwart expectations, but the question is - to what end? Defying any strict genre classification, the film is a conglomeration of comedy, drama, satire, crime, horror, and anything else you can throw into the mix. Bong sees the film as a statement about the "ranks and classes" inherent in capitalism that are invisible to the eye, and says that the film "depicts the inevitable cracks that appear when two classes brush up against each other in today\'s increasingly polarized society." Unfortunately, the characterizations are filled with so many stereotypes that the lack of any realistic human dimension leaves Bong\'s statement without much impact.'), 
('206', '7', 'Richly appointed, a glitterati champagne Cannes launch to an inebriated fanfare of stratospheric expectation, then unexpectedly in mid-journey an iceberg crash, an unsettling sinking feeling, followed by an agonizingly slow cascade into drowning horror. Compared to another mediocre superhero movie it might rank favourably, but a far cry from Tati or Hitchcock. Closer to a stylish 70s exploitation film.'), 
('207', '7', 'The movie is not what I expected. And not as brilliant as it was being told. I chhod have easily skipped this without regret.'), 
('208', '7', 'When I find myself constantly looking at my watch and asking when a film is going to deliver any of the promises that the Critics and Reviewers have seen fit to lavish on it then there\'s something awry. This isn\'t scathing socio-political cinema...it\'s not black comedy, in fact it\'s not remotely amusing or believable or even sympathetic to any of its characters. It\'s a simple hype job. The movie here is the real Parasite.'), 
('209', '7', 'I\'m really amazed under which category this film lies. Comedy? It is not funny at all. Tragedy ? I don\'t know!!! Four Oscars and Palm d\'or !!!! Are you serious. I can\'t say that I know better than the people who awarded the film these prizes, I\'m sure the problem is me, there is something hidden deep in this movie I couldn\'t see.'), 
('210', '7', 'Good movie, interesting story line, but never in a million years could win a oscar for best movie of the year...Political decision for sure! that\'s the world we live in unfortunately.');