INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('121', '5', 'I caught the last half of this movie on cable one night and was struck by just how morbid it was. Even when one of the two victims is at his most deteriorated, the camera keeps going. the lingering shots of his corpse being uncovered and his concentration-camp figure being zipped into a body bag are both moving and depressing. don\'t watch this movie if your already depressed. then again don\'t watch it if your feeling really good.'), ('122', '5', 'I haven\'t seen much German comedy, but if this film is anything to go by, I\'m compelled to see more! The simple but effective storyline takes two very different people on a trip from Germany to Italy after Eva, an unemployed mother of two, discovers that her artist husband is having an affair with the wife of a wealthy lawyer. I won\'t reveal anything further, but what results is a very funny series of events with the perfect conclusion. My interest in international cinema has expanded since I first saw this film. I recommend it to anyone (any adult... don\'t let the inclusion of the young children fool you into thinking it\'s a family film) who love comedy - even those unfamiliar with the language.'), ('123', '5', 'Just re-saw this movie after thirty seven years. I was eleven years old and caught this flick on South Beach at the long gone Cinema Theater on Washington Avenue. In 1969, I thought Where it\'s At! was a very good movie. Now, however, after almost forty years, it\'s not as good as it was. Times have changed, and this movie is now a tired old re-hash of the war between the generations. It did however, catch a place in time which is just a memory. It\'s really interesting to see the mod fashions, the old Vegas, a slim Don Rickles, chain smoking, and a hip opening song. The acting was decent, the script somewhat out-dated, but the memories were still fresh. Where it\'s At, may not be where it\'s at for you, but for me, it was still a nice and entertaining trip down memory lane.'), ('124', '5', 'I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really hit home. It\'s got everything; the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, and the conflict between following one\'s family \"traditions\" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a fast paced, highly enjoyable movie. Vegas was at it\'s hippiest peak, Sin City in all it\'s glory. Beautiful women, famous cameos, laughs, conflict, romance, and even a happy ending. A very enjoyable time over all. The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life.'), ('125', '5', 'The extraordinary Rosemary Forsyth is the main reason to see this flick. Why she never became a bigger store may never be known. But she is exceptional and steals every scene she\'s in. Garson Kanin directed this piece of fluff and the cast is first rate, with Robert Drivas and Brenda Vaccaro especially memorable. A \"9\" out of \"10.\"'), ('126', '5', 'After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was not disappointing.Not disappointing because I\'m one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn\'t believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I\'m sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the perfect person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can\'t believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha...But I\'m glad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....'), ('127', '5', 'This is the finest film ever made to deal with the subject of AIDS. It\'s a documentary about two men living with and dying of this illness. The film is beautiful, heartbreaking, funny, and incredibly moving. Above all, it is an amazing true love story. Be sure to have a few hankies ready before you watch this movie---you will need them. Extraordinary.'), ('128', '5', '\"Silverlake Life\" is a documentary and it was plain and straightforward. Actually, it was more like a home movie, and if you want dramatic illuminations, see something else. And it\'s by no means a tearjerker. But I mean that in positive ways. It shows two men who love each other and how being afflicted with AIDS is affecting the quality of their every-day lives. It\'s almost difficult for me to say whether this was a quality film or not, because it was so undressed that I had to look for other ways to respond. It\'s an admirable film, actually one of the most admirable, sincere documents I\'ve ever seen. These two men have incredible integrity as their lives are reduced to the most basic parts. It makes Hollow-wood productions on AIDS seem hip and heartless. These men made this movie for themselves, which is one of the best reasons to create something. The scene where Tom sings \"You are My Sunshine\" to Mark and tells him goodbye is the real thing.'), ('129', '5', 'Silverlake Life, The view from here, is an absolutely stunning movie about AIDS as well as about a gay love relationship. Some images are indeed really hard to take, especially when one is gay or fears about AIDS, and probably for any sensitive person watching it. It\'s not easy to make a movie about such a terrible illness and its consequences about not only one, but two people\'s lives. This movie teaches how to care for each other in such hard times, but it never gets too morbid, it still shows life at any time, reminding you that outside of the theater or of your room, life goes on, whatever the destiny of some people may be. The characters are incredibly endearing, while we watch their intimacy in shots that never go beyond a very strict limit, never unveiling anything too private or offensive. Children should certainly not watch this movie, but grown-ups whether they have to deal with such situations or not, should do it, and will not regret the tears they shed.'), ('130', '5', 'This documentary is incredibly thought-provoking, bringing you in to the lives of two long-time lovers who are in the final stages of AIDS. The past footage of their twenty-some-odd years together really brings their final moments home. If this movie doesn\'t make you feel the pain and agony of these two fascinating people, you don\'t have a heart.'), ('131', '5', 'It\'s a bad movie, it seems like there is only 5 police in HK, they were not using there gun and this makes me feel like a Jacky Chan\'s movie. All the time they were using their gun to point at the suspect only. When they finally use their gun is when they kill each other, what a funny movie. In The movie, it\'s like all the good guys died without a reason.They story line of the movie also sucks, the story jump here and there and bored people. But if you wanted to see a bloody movie, I think this is only a OK type of movie, I think U.S. made zombie movie is more bloodier than this one'), ('132', '5', 'Based on one of the books by Gabriel Marquez and it might be brilliant literature, this cinema-adaption really sucks as it\'s more like fighting against sleep rather than enjoying some cinematographic delices. The story is about an old couple whose son died and living a life that is heavily dominated by poverty, and wherein the main character is a cock that hopefully one day brings some money for a forthcoming cockfight. I am in no mood to spill more words on this useless pretentious piece, just perhaps that you can see Salma Hayek in here, but sitting 90 minutes in front of your screen for just that? No gracias.....'), ('133', '5', 'Based on one of the books by Gabriel Marquez and it might be brilliant literature, this cinema-adaption really sucks as it\'s more like fighting against sleep rather than enjoying some cinematographic delices. The story is about an old couple whose son died and living a life that is heavily dominated by poverty, and wherein the main character is a cock that hopefully one day brings some money for a forthcoming cockfight. I am in no mood to spill more words on this useless pretentious piece, just perhaps that you can see Salma Hayek in here, but sitting 90 minutes in front of your screen for just that? No gracias.....'), ('134', '5', 'If, in the first 10 minutes of this film, you don\'t realize that the main character, who writes a life advice column, is going to have the tables-oh-so-cleverly-turned and learn some valuable life lessons himself, then there is probably something wrong with you. The set up is so predictable as to ruin the movie, even if the rest of the movie was good (which it isn\'t) There\'s almost no chemistry between the leads, and Steve Carell\'s stalker-ish behavior is embarrassing, not funny. It\'s hard to believe Binoche\'s character would have any interest in him. Then in the end it\'s all wrapped up so wonderful and everyone lives happily ever after. Isn\'t that great America!'), ('135', '5', 'The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.<br /><br />I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly awful film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve\'s characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but like other posters I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed for the cast.<The dialog was so contrived, the family was this cookie cutter Walton\'s family and the film has been so many times before that I am shocked someone thought it was an original idea.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this terrifyingly bad movie and don\'t believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a GOOD film.'), ('136', '5', 'seriously what the hell was this movie about,,simply stupid,,i\'d give it 0 but,,,1\"awful\" is the lowest you can go,,seriously this movie is not worth watching,,waste of time, i don\'t know what the hell is wrong with you guys voting this movie 7 out of 10,,i seriously can make a better movie than this , hire some other unemployed people,,\'n i promise i\'ll make a movie better than this,,this movie was so bad,,that i\'ll never watch a movie starring Steve Carrel again,bottom line don\'t waste your time to download it off the net or rent it,,i\'d nominate this movie for the worst movie of the century i mean the worst is Something Gotta give but after that this is the second'), ('137', '5', 'There\'s little to get excited about \"Dan in Real Life\". First off, the whole setup is incredibly contrived. Did you really believe that during that very long first meeting conversation at the restaurant, Marie wouldn\'t have told Dan where she was going? And since Dan did all the talking during that conversation, why would she be so attracted to him? For that matter, I never figured out why Marie was so attracted to Dan throughout the movie. He\'s very narcissistic and does little to convince us that he\'s truly a good guy (for example he lies to Marie in the bookstore, ridicules his brother about his past girlfriends and tries to make Marie jealous with a \'blind date\'). There\'s more contrivance such as that ridiculous scene at the bowling alley where Dan and Marie are caught making out by the whole family. Yeah like that could really happen. Dan in Real life is slow-paced, sappy and manipulative. Even chick flicks like The Jane Austen Book Club get higher marks than this predictable \"tearjerker\".'), ('138', '5', 'I couldn\'t bear to sit through he entire movie. Do families like this really exist somewhere? There have been many comments describing this family as akin to LLBean models and such, and I think that that is a great description of how they behaved.More absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in High School as \"pigface\" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds Steve Carrel on the first date. That\'s when I quit watching..If you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you\'ll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time.'), ('139', '5', 'What was this supposed to be? A remake of Fisher King? Why do we care about Sandler\'s character? What a slow, dreary, boring, who-gives-a-damn-about-these-people movie!!! Just simply painful to sit through, I turned it off before it was over. It\'s so obvious that Cheadle needs help as much as Sandler; like I said: can you say \"Fisher King\"? And how does this psychotic character function in his daily life? We aren\'t supposed to think that deeply, I guess. Why does Cheadle continue to give Sandler a chance to turn violent on him? If they were such good friends, how did they grow apart? If Cheadle is so in control, why does he keep seeking the advice of the shrink on the street? We are never told. That\'s why Fisher King was a better film on so many levels and why this just sucks. Nearly 8 out of 10 average score? I don\'t agree. At all. Even the top films are lucky to get such a high average rating, and this crap doesn\'t deserve to be in the same universe with them.'), ('140', '5', 'Ursula Andress\' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in God. The other two women (especially the one who plays the maid) have great bodies as well. Then why is the higher grade that I can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3 out of 10? Because, to get to Ursula\'s unbelievable body, we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring (keep in mind that I watched the full 101-minute version, not the 78-minute American one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material). In typical Italian-comedy tradition, most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures (the army freak, the \"latin lover\", the constant drunk, the naive maid) that are not funny, simply overacted. Final word: watch this, but keep your finger on the fast-forward button, you\'re gonna need it. (*)'), ('141', '5', 'As part of our late 1950s vocabulary, we well knew the Ponderosa, Little Joe, Hoss, Ben Cartwright,etc. on that great show \"Bonanza.\".It came Saturday night and everyone was glued to the television set. This was a real show depicting family values. There may have been a weekly crisis, but it was the strong family atmosphere that pulled everyone together.Lorne Greene was dominant as the patriarch of the family. His words depicted wisdom. We often were left to wonder that Ben Cartwright, a widower, must have been the best of husbands to that poor wife of his who had died. He reared wonderful sons.Naturally, we all wondered why Pernell Roberts left the show. The show was a gold mine and Roberts surrendered loads of money when he departed. His career never took off as he was associated as a Cartwright son. He should have tried to get back into the series. He certainly lost a bonanza by dropping out.'), ('142', '5', 'This is one of the movies that get better every time you see them. It\'s packed with so many original and unconventional ideas that you always find a new detail. As in Sabu\'s subsequent movies (I didn\'t see \"Unlucky monkey\" yet, but the other ones are as great) failure, chance and humanism play great roles. The cutting and Montage is inventive and artistic, without the movie being an \"art\" picture, but a highly entertaining one. When comparing it to \"Run, Lola, Run\" you have to keep in mind that \"Dangan Ranna\" was made some years before and was shown on German TV as early as 1997...so it\'s more probable that it served as inspiration for Tom Tykwer\'s movie, and not the other way around. Complementary to the other reviews I have to add that I like the acting and the ending very much. This movie is a lot of fun in many ways, and it manages to deliver a message without being annoying or pretentious.'), ('143', '5', 'I finally saw this film tonight after renting it at Blockbuster (VHS). I have to agree that it is wildly original. Yes, maybe the characters were not fully realized but it isn\'t one of those movies. Rather, we are treated to the director\'s eye, his vision of what the story is about. And it does not stop. And to be honest, I didn\'t want it to. I do believe that Sabu had to have influenced the director\'s of \'Lock, Stock & Two Smoking Barrels\' and \'Run, Lola, Run\'. But I absolutely loved the way the three leads SEE the beautiful woman on the street to distract them momentarily. I really need to see this director\'s other work because this film really intrigued me. If you want insight, culture, sturm und drang, go somewhere else. If you want a laugh, camera movement and criminal hilarity, look here.'), ('144', '5', 'Japanese indie film with humor and philosophy where the three main characters run literally almost through the entire film, chasing each other due to strange circumstances and comical coincidence. As they are running, we see what is going on in their minds and how they got where they are at the moment. The act of running is a metaphor for these down-on-their luck people\'s lives. In some way, what they\'re really chasing for is not what they were originally chasing, but for meaning in their lives and an escape from their personal problems and broken dreams. Running makes them all feel truly alive. The big life-altering running adventure comes to an end when they accidentally get in the middle of something big, violent, and so absurd that it\'s funny in a clever way. One of my favorite films of all time by genius director Sabu.'), ('145', '5', 'The Japanese \"Run Lola Run,\" his is one offbeat movie which will put a smile on just about anyone\'s face. Fans of Run Lola Run, Tampopo, Go!, and Slacker will probably like this one. It does tend to follow a formula that is increasingly popular these days of separate, seemingly unrelated vignettes, all contributing the the overall story in unexpected ways. catch it if you see it, otherwise wait for the rental.'), ('146', '5', 'I can say nothing more about this movie than: Man, this SUCKS!!!!! If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. It\'s the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely happy. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I HATE that stupid Dinosaur. So if you want severe brain damage: Watch this movie, it will do the trick.'), ('147', '5', 'In Theodore Rex poor Whoopi Goldberg is set up as a tough police cop who gets to work with a pathetic dinosaur on a case. The movie tries to be funny, and tries to make a story about abductions and more but it never works. The movie is far from funny, and the story is ridiculous. I voted 1/10'), ('148', '5', 'I too was intrigued by the high (8.5) rating for this film, and was very disappointed. I had just seen a couple of good foreign films and was looking forward to making it three in a row, but it was not to be. I went with a spanish speaking friend who felt the same way. There is not much of a plot, if any. I don\'t necessarily need that in a movie, but it needs to somehow entertain or bring me in. The best I could say would be that it aspires to be an Altman-esque film, albeit with an extremely small ensemble. Sure, there are moments, but a few moments easily get thinned out by 97 slow minutes of nothing. I do not understand the high rating for this film. I give it a 3.'), ('149', '5', 'If you have read the book - do not set your hopes high, if you have not - go read it, and never watch the film. It is strange to learn that Toby Young was actually involved a lot in the writing of the script (as he claims himself in the post script of the book). Because the film is very different from the book.What the film seems to be aiming at - taking a rather thought provoking and entertaining piece that combines philosophical ideas with plain funny sarcasm and simplifying it so that everyone would understand it - it achieves with perfection. The film is full of bad and cheap jokes suitable for a sitcoms, and has lost any meaningful message that it could have had.You are better off not seeing it.'), ('150', '5', 'Not funny - how can anyone link this to Monty Python? That is absolutely ridiculous - there are no laughs. This is not funny. Over the top, but ugly, weird just for weird sake and it seems to me these people were on something all the time. Unfortunately something that did not make them funny.It should be given some points for effort etc. whatever. Actually it appears there is a laugh track - or is there one? Hummm.... Since there are barely any laughs that\'s a debatable question.Maybe I\'m doing it injustice - maybe it\'s some sort of exercise. Some sort of art - in that case anything goes, never mind.But these guys playing women with high-pitched voices, turned-up noses. Come on !!! Not funny.There is only one heir apparent to Monty Pythons intellectual wit and that is Stephen Colbert, and maybe Jon Stewart.');