INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('271', '10', 'One of the cornerstones of low-budget cinema is taking a well-known, classic storyline and making a complete bastardization out of it. Phantom of the Mall is no exception to this rule. The screenwriter takes the enduring Phantom of the Opera storyline and moves it into a late \'80s shopping mall. However, the \"Phantom\'s\" goal now is simply to get revenge upon those responsible for disfiguring his face and murdering his family. The special effects do provide a good chuckle, especially when body parts begin appearing in dishes from the yogurt stand. Pauly Shore has a small role which does not allow him to be as fully obnoxious as one would expect, mostly due to the fact that his fifteen minutes of MTV fame had not yet arrived. If you\'re looking for a few good laughs at the expense of the actors and special effects crew, check this flick out. Otherwise, keep on looking for something else.'), ('272', '10', 'What made me track this movie down was the viewing Vampyres, I thought I have to get the other movies this guy (Larroz) has made, I was sorry I tracked this down,it is a weak attempt at an occult/satanic type movie laden with sex and only sex(with ugly actors and actresses, this is an excuse for sleaze. The only redeeming factor was the setting and atmosphere, avoid this one, too much hype surrounds it, not worth the effort of finding it, this refers to the welcome to the grind house edition. I hope he has some other movies which lives up to Vampyres, Oh and the goat scene was very boring, I understand that this is what carries the hype.'), ('273', '10', 'Extremely thin \'plot\' of satanic rituals or some such mumbo-jumbo provides the hokey excuse to thread copious amounts of sex scenes together. Straight vanilla sex, masturbation, lesbianism, S&M, bestiality, incest, and a few other sexual proliferation\'s all get their time in the spotlight here. The problem is the storyline is so dull that the rampant sexuality gets pretty tedious after awhile. Who knew that a film with an intimate goat/ girl encounter could be so damn boring? Well now I do.Eye Candy: Venessa Hidalgo shows all; Helga Line provides T&A (both on display quite frequently); women viewers get the occasional penis.My Grade: D+Region 1 DVD Extras: Trailers for \"Pick Up\", \"Legend of Eight Samurai\", \"Don\'t Answer the Phone\", \"Prime Evil\", & \"Sister Street Fighter\" (also the same DVD holds a second feature movie \"Evil Eye\")'), ('274', '10', 'I\'m not ruining anything when I inform you that you get to see a woman have sex with a goat in this movie. If that is your thing, then your movie has arrived.<br /><br />A woman and her husband go to see her estranged sister in the family mansion in the woods. Her sister is a creepy lady to say the least, and she seems to have interests that go beyond family love. On the side a group of unsavory characters show up and begin enacting all kinds of pagan rituals.The plotting is pretty weak and the characters are pretty dumb. The woman sticks around even after her husband starts turning into a jerk and hanging out with the pagans, even continues the have sex with him. On the exploitative side of things, there is much bared flesh and a couple of kinky couplings, but nothing that hasn\'t been better somewhere else. Oh, and the aforementioned goat-sex scene.Most viewers won\'t make it to the end. Exploitation fans will ride it out, but will be left wanting more.4/10'), ('275', '10', 'This is truly an awful movie and a waste of 2 hours of your life. It is simultaneously bland and offensive, with nudity and lots and lots of violence. However, the nudity is not that exciting, and the violence is repetitive and boring. Also, the plot is flimsy at best, the characters are unrealistic and undeveloped, and the acting is some of the worst I have ever seen. I have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny, but it\'s not. I did not laugh once while watching it, nor did I even crack a smile. The makers of this film tried to combine a comedy movie with an action movie, and they failed on both counts. >Some poorly made movies are funny because they are so bad, but this is not one of them.'), ('276', '10', 'Ah yes the 1980s , a time of Reaganomics and Sly , Chuck and a host of other action stars hiding in a remote jungle blowing away commies . At the time I couldn`t believe how movies like RAMBO , MISSING IN ACTION and UNCOMMON VALOR ( And who can forget the ridiculous RED DAWN ? ) made money at the box office , they`re turgid action crap fests with a rather off putting right wing agenda and they have dated very badly . TROMA`S WAR is a tongue in cheek take on these type of movies but you`ve got to ask yourself did they need spoofing in the first place ? Of course not . TROMA`S WAR lacks any sort of sophistication - though it does make the point that there`s no real difference between right wing tyrants and left wing ones - and sometimes feels more like a grade z movie than a send up . Maybe it is ?'), ('277', '10', 'this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain cell killing acting and plot, it\'s way too long. don\'t waste your money at the video store. i actually was mad that i sat through this garbage and spent money on it. just absolutely awful.'), ('278', '10', 'Just bought the VHS on this film for two bucks, Did I waste my money! Hey, I dig Adam \"Batman\" West and Tina \"Giligan\'s Island\" Louise, but hello! This third rate production is a rehash of a dozen other biker films; crazed bunch of bikers psychos ride into a hick town, beat up everybody and everything, and then are defeated in the man by a dashing hero. Adam West looks the part as a hero, but he\'s missing cape, and his Batman uniform. Sorry, just isn\'t the same. Tina L. looks really nervous and frightened the whole show, but at least we know what happened to \"Ginger\" once she was rescued from the island...LOL! The bikers are a motley group, and known of them ever acted again or at least shouldn\'t have. Hell Riders is Hell to Watch!'), ('279', '10', 'What else can you say about this movie,except that it\'s plain awful.Tina Louise and Adam West are the reasons why to see this,but,that\'s it,but their talents are wasted in this junk.I think that they used a double in some of Adam\'s scenes,like when he\'s running because you can\'t see his face.If Adam was embarrassed in being in Zombie Nightmare,just think what he must\'ve felt about appearing in this??? If it was before or after,I\'m not sure,but,still,Zombie Nightmare is a classic(check out the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version first and last)compared to this.The gang is very annoying and over-acting by some of the actors.A rip-off of The Wild One starring Marlon Brando,of course.Tina looks stunning though.I hope her and Adam got a good paycheck!! Pass!'), ('280', '10', 'This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made. Even for a biker movie, it\'s rock bottom. The minimal plot involves a gang of bikers taking over a small town (how original!) and the townspeople\'s attempts to fight them off. Why don\'t they call for outside help? Who knows? The fight scenes are obviously fake. Adam West and Tina Louise are in it but both have little to do and both look ashamed to be there (understandably) This movie belongs in the trash heap!'), ('281', '10', 'How sad to see the beautiful and talented Tina Louise reduced to making this horrible excuse for a film. Tina still looked fit and attractive, but for some reason seems truly frightened. I can understand her fear; fearing that this 3rd rate stinker would somehow be released to the general public. Also, I\'m a fan of the likable Adam West. Again, as with Tina, Adam looks good and in great shape for a man his age. His acting here is passable, but the script is so bad, that it\'s difficult to even listen to the dialog.The movie is a rip-off of the classic Brando biker flick, The Wild Ones; out-law biker gang is out-of-control in a small hick-town. The bikers here look like a motley group and I sure wouldn\'t want them to date my sister. The acting is stiff and wooden, and the story-plot is as old as sand. Hellriders is hell to watch!'), ('282', '10', 'this film is terrible. The characters are completely unbelievable, and wildly inconsistent. The plot is awful and some of the classroom scenes are cringe-worthy and make for uncomfortable viewing.In fact the quality of the script and characterisation would suggest that this film was written by high school students, only the utter lack of credibility to the school environment would suggest that, in fact, the writers probably never went to high school. The acting in most cases was weak too, although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot, i am not sure that any actors could have made this film watchable.having said that the sound track was OK, and the cinematography was nice in places (although the editing was poor).'), ('283', '10', 'This is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies I\'ve ever had the misfortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. Nor do we ever really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought \"Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we\'re getting somewhere!\" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from Maddox\'s perspective and the viewer\'s. Where\'s Ferris Bueller when we need him?'), ('284', '10', 'This movie is a great example of how even some very funny jokes can go terribly wrong. i really expected at least something from this movie after seeing the add which was funny as hell but the movie wasn\'t half as good.The weird part is that the jokes are actually funny, the spoofs of the smoking ban, Jo Bole... etc. are genuinely good jokes but i don\'t know whom to blame this movie flop on.The prime candidates may be:- 1) The hammers ( actors) and hammeresses (actresses) and not even the funny kind 2) The director 3)The guy who cast the actors and/or the director Anyway if you are really really bored and i mean really see this movie, or else get a copy of each and every ad or teaser of this movie and laugh your butt of because those will be far funnier than the film.p.s the only saving grace of this film is mahesh manjrekar and the funny chappu bhai'), ('285', '10', 'This movie was absolutely pathetic. A pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes. At times I felt like I was watching an episode of Beavis and Butthead. I couldn\'t even sit through the whole movie. Emran Hashmi disappoints, and Hrshitta Bhatt is not impressive at all. Celina Jaitley was not bad. The only worthwhile part of the film is the spoof on Anu Malik and his obsession of shayaris. It was pretty hilarious. The songs \"Sini Ne\" and its remix version were really good. You can always count on Emran lip-locking and lip-synching a chartbuster. All in all, it seems Emran doesn\'t have a good script from the Bhatts to back him up this time.'), ('286', '10', 'Brian De Palma\'s undeniable virtuosity can\'t really camouflage the fact that his plot here is a thinly disguised \"Psycho\" carbon copy, but he does provide a genuinely terrifying climax. His \"Blow Out\", made the next year, was an improvement.'), ('287', '10', 'God this film was just so boring apart from the music which i really loved, i mean what was the point in actually making this movie please anyone who reads this review do not watch this film, it is a waste of time.Emraan can act but was really pathetic In this film, i am actually ashamed to be one of his fans especially in this movie, it was just really bad.Celina is just another pretty face with no lack of talent what so ever, she can\'t act at all, and there was no point of her being in this film, as for the other girl Radha she was okay i guess but could have done better.what a waste of time. please buy the great music and don\'t watch this movie.'), ('288', '10', 'This is probably one of Brian De Palma\'s best known movies but it isn\'t his best. Body Double, The Fury and Carrie are better movies but this movie is better than Blow Out and Obsession. De Palma is very influenced by Hitchcock and this movie is a take off on Psycho. Angie Dickinson is a bored housewife who is thinking of having an affair and after her psychiatrist, played by Michael Caine, turns down an offer, Dickinson meets a man in a art gallery and she winds up sleeping with him. After this point it\'s best you don\'t know what happens but there is a murder and Nancy Allen is a call girl who gets a look at the killer. Dennis Franz is the detective on the case who really doesn\'t trust Allen and she has to find the killer herself. It\'s a pretty good movie but isn\'t one of De Palma\'s best.'), ('289', '10', 'I chose this movie by the cover which was a bad move. It wasn\'t funny at all and the main characters were obnoxious. The girl was beautiful but the story and the acting were terrible. It had absolutely nothing to do with surfing. Terrible movie with a surf \"theme\" that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers. Catherine Zeta Jones was beautiful and the movie will probably see a resurgence just becuase she is in the limelight now, being married with Gordon Gekko and all, but if you haven\'t seen it don\'t waste your time. A bad movie with GREAT surfing, REAL surfers and AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL cinematography was IN GOD\'S HANDS.'), ('290', '10', 'the fact that the movie is predictable is not a problem. this movie is like a beautiful painting to be enjoyed. the museum scene is like a nice music video. the apres sex scene is an all too familiar scene in all of our adult lives. but the movie would not hold any interest for me without keith gordon. keith gordon is maybe one of the most underrated actors of our time. almost everything i know about acting came from studying mostly his eyes. he had the most compelling face. his character possesses the qualities i look in a guy, sensitivity and dedication. keith gordon is gorgeous. BTW, i kinda wish he\'d shave his beard now as his lips, jawline and adam\'s apple were his prettiest set next to his eyes.'), ('291', '10', 'In what must be one of the most blood-freezing movies ever, a transvestite is murdering people in New York, and the answer to everything may not be what people suspect. One can see how Brian DePalma takes some influence from Hitchcock with camera angles and stuff. Michael Caine plays a most thought-provoking character, while Angie Dickinson is basically a bored rich woman with a bad hairdo. Keith Gordon (who later starred in \"Christine\") is probably the most interesting character in the movie. But you can\'t really understand this movie without seeing it. And after seeing it, you may never know just whom you can trust. Also starring Nancy Allen and Dennis Franz.'), ('292', '10', 'Let\'s go straight to the point: this is The Movie I would take with me on a desert island (with dvd player). It\'s just perfect. If a reason for you to see a movie is that you love the actors, you like to see them free to involve in the space and feelings, this movie is for you. See the scene when Myrtle (Rowlands) come on stage drunk and Maurice(Cassavetes) has to improvise because she doesn\'t follow the script anymore. If you\'re sensitive to the camera\'s movements, you\'ll be fascinated by the way the camera moves on stage, the particular flow, that give you the impression camera follow the actors as if it was lead by the theatrical principle of \"private space\"... amazing. And the story is just a brilliant mix of tale and realistic drama. Cassavetes is again arguing with Hollywood and the majors\' politics, but this time, he do it through Broadway, making one of the most exciting movie about theater. Well, this movie is a bliss.'), ('293', '10', 'Beautiful film, pure Cassavetes style. Gena Rowland gives a stunning performance of a declining actress, dealing with success, aging, loneliness...and alcoholism. She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts, embodied by the death spectre of a young girl. Acceptance of oneself, of human condition, though its overall difficulties, is the real purpose of the film. The parallel between the theatrical sequences and the film itself are puzzling: it\'s like if the stage became a way out for the Heroin. If all american movies could only be that top-quality, dealing with human relations on an adult level, not trying to infantilize and standardize feelings... One of the best dramas ever. 10/10.'), ('294', '10', 'Gena Rowlands plays an actress who loses her grip on reality when she witnesses the death of a fan of hers. She becomes increasingly deluded from reality, and as a result her emotional turmoil intrudes with her work as an actress. In the sense that she breaks all the rules of acting and improvises everything, yet still manages to engage her audience makes the film interesting (if a bit self-important) as a parallel of Cassavettes\' own struggles as a filmmaker. There\'s so many ideas thrown around, and as result it becomes a bit muddled (I\'m still pondering the relation between the dead fan and Rowlands, among many other things), but the way they\'re presented in their rawest form makes it a consistently interesting and thought-provoking film. Would be great on a double bill with Mulholland Drive.'), ('295', '10', 'The movie was much better than the other reviewer stated. It\'s a nice family movie. It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel. The story revolves around a 14 year old girl who accidentally finds a way to travel back in time in the old elevator of her apartment building. Of course, no one believes her when she tries to explain her disappearances. She finds and makes friends with a girl about her age and is able to help the girl\'s family in many ways. She is also able to help her own relationship with her father in the long run. It reminds me of a Hallmark movie so give it a chance and decide for yourself. It seemed to be aimed more towards children about 6-12 years (maybe a bit older) and it\'s pretty much PG or G rated. I\'m an adult who can appreciate a nice \"family\" movie - I guess the other reviewer isn\'t.'), ('296', '10', 'A fascinating look at the relationship of a single father in 1998 and a single mother in 1881, tied together by a time-traveling teenager. Reminded me of \"Somewhere In Time,\" Richard Matheson\'s \"Bid Time Return,\" as rendered by Christopher Reeves and Jane Seymour.'), ('297', '10', 'The film gets my stamp of approval. The scene in the museum demands acting without dialogue. This is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film. Dickinson\'s character Kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film. The best work Angie Dickinson did since Point Blank!'), ('298', '10', '\"Dressed To Kill\", is one of the best thrillers ever made. Its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults. Brian De Palma, once again, proves why no other director can match his use of the camera to tell a story. He directs many scenes without dialog, and he tells much of his story, strictly through the use of his visuals, and Pino Donnagio\'s brilliant score. Filmed in Panavision, the film MUST be seen in widescreen, as De Palma uses the entire width of the film to tell his story. Cropped, on video, \"Dressed To Kill\", is barely the same movie. Solid performances from its cast, superb direction, and, perhaps, the finest film score ever written, make \"Dressed To Kill\" a must see.'), ('299', '10', 'When you compare what Brian De Palma was doing in the 80\'s to what passes for entertainment today, his films keep looking better and better. \"Dressed To Kill, \"Blow Out\", \"Body Double\", \"Scarface\" and \"Carlito\'s Way\" are all superb works of a cinematic craftsman at the peak of his powers. The guy had a long run of better than average films. This is pure Hitchcock with an 80\'s dash of lurid perversion, an affectionately told tale of lust and murder with plenty of twists, huge helpings of style, a stunning Pino Donaggio score, and a trashy, giallo-inspired plot. De Palma\'s love of complex camera-work and luscious, blood-smudged visuals helps overcome the logical holes while the terrific performances of Dennis Franz, Keith Gordon (a good director in his own right), Nancy Allen (De Palma\'s wife at the time) and Michael Caine make every scene special. Let the virtuoso take you on a surreal, scary, erotically charged odyssey and you\'ll enjoy every frame of \"Dressed To Kill\".'), ('300', '10', 'Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada. While flipping through channels came across the Easy Lube part. My friend kept flipping but I told him to go back. Something about the name easy lube just didn\'t sound right. Watched the rest of the movie it was pretty damn funny. Jotted down a couple of names from the credits and got home to look it up. Turned out to be Chevy Chase\'s first movie. I didn\'t remember him in it. Didn\'t remember much about it, so I rented it and gave it a second veiw. It\'s pretty funny and quite graphic. It\'s just like Kentucky Fried Movie except not as funny. Love the fingers, easy lube, and I\'m da f**kin\' president parts. Dealers skit is pretty cool too. I give it a 6.5 or 7 out of ten');