INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('151', '6', 'This Hong Kong filmed potboiler packs in more melodrama than week\'s worth of \'The Young & The Restless\'. This one is more of a throwback to the original \'Emmanuelle\' trilogy(especially \'Goodbye Emmanuelle\') than a D\'Amato sleazefest. Chai Lee(Emy Wong)undergoes a stunning transformation from dour nurse to hot-to-trot streetwalker. Future Italian porn star/politician, Illona Staller, who would later go by the name Ciccolina(and have sex with an HIV positive John Holmes) plays Emy\'s competition. Exotic locales and some decent soft-core scenes round this one out. Recommended for fans of the original \'Emmanuelle\', of which I am one!'), ('152', '6', 'endearing tale........ voted ten against all averages for my age and sex... not all that much comedy (compared to a i almost wet myself movie) although funny enough. not a fan of musicals at all so probably a little too much for me, but they do give you time to grab a drink or soda without missing anything important. maybe a fifties version of when harry met sally? Ahab no not really but if that is in your top ten like it is mine you will like this movie. really it just leaves you with a warm fuzzy feeling, reminding you of what romance could and should be like, something to shoot for. my summary describes it best in very few words..... quite charming'), ('153', '6', 'I find this movie very enjoyable. The plot is simple and easily digestible, the humour is light and clean, and because the storyline involving mistaken identity is quite common, I find myself looking forward to how this movie flesh this story out. Turns out to be very nice. The performance of the female lead is admirable; her portrayal of an innocent, naive girl trying to fabricate some white lies to David\'s sophisticated role was very charming. I also find Vera\'s dancing very, very well done. I find myself drawn to her toes as she pranced about the stage effortlessly and flawlessly.>For those who have had enough of profanity-filled movies of today, you will enjoy this movie thoroughly.'), ('154', '6', 'Yes, this gets the full ten stars. It\'s plain as day that this fill is genius. The universe sent Trent Harris a young, wonderfully strange man one day and Harris caught him on tape, in all that true misfit glory that you just can\'t fake. Too bad it ended in tragedy for the young man, if only an alternate ending could be written for that fellow\'s story. The other two steps in the trilogy do retell the story, with Sean Penn and Crispin Glover in the roles of the young men, respectively. The world is expanded upon and the strangeness is contextualized by the retelling, giving us a broader glimpse into growing up weird in vanilla America. Recommended for anyone and everyone!'), ('155', '6', 'I think that this film was one of Kurt Russels good movies. Kurt russel is my favorite actor so I think that he is a good actor in any role he plays. But this movie had a lot of action in it and I know that it should have more then a 5.6 out of 10 on the meter but many people did not like this movie. Oh well I thought it was good so I think that every one should see this movie. If you see this movie and like it I think that you should see Back Draft also with Kurt Russel. I give Soldier *** 1/2 out of *****'), ('156', '6', 'I loved this movie and will watch it again. Original twist to Plot of Man vs Man vs Self. I think this is Kurt Russell\'s best movie. His eyes conveyed more than most actors words. Perhaps there\'s hope for Mankind in spite of Government Intervention?'), ('157', '6', 'I saw this in the theater and I instantly thought that it is good enough to own on video. I am a big nut for Sci-Fi action flicks though anyway.Without giving any of the story away, it is worth seeing if you like Sci-Fi without requiring much thought. The story is basic, and the plot is very good. Worth your time to see.Maybe they will make a sequel? :)8 out of 10'), ('158', '6', 'I really liked this movie. Kurt manages to act without speaking, letting moments speak for themselves. He doesn\'t have to verbalize or rationalize his actions, he simply decides and takes action. He is supported by a good cast of actors and settings, and is able to show us a more humane side of soldiers without getting to corny.'), ('159', '6', 'I have to say I quite enjoyed Soldier. Russell was very good as this trained psychopath rediscovering his humanity. Very watchable and nowhere near as bad as I\'d been led to believe. Yes it has problems but provides its share of entertainment.'), ('160', '6', 'Interesting mix of comments that it would be hard to add anything constructive to. However, i\'ll try. This was a very good action film with some great set pieces. You\'ll note I specified the genre. I didn\'t snipe about the lack of characterisation, and I didn\'t berate the acting. Enjoy if for what it is people, a well above average action film. I could go on but I\'ve made my comment.'), ('161', '6', 'Went to see this finnish film and I\'ve got to say that it is one of the better films I\'ve seen this year. The intrigue is made up of 5-6 different stories, all taking place the very same day in a small finnish town. The stories come together very nicely in the end, reminding, perhaps, a bit of the way Tarantino\'s movies are made. Most of the actors performed very well, which most certainly is needed in realistic dramas of this type. I especially enjoyed the acting by Sanna Hietala, the lead actress, and Juha Kukkonen. I noticed btw that IMDB has got the wrong information about Sanna. Her name, as you might have noticed in my review ;), is NOT Heikkilä, but Hietala.'), ('162', '6', 'When I rented this movie to watch it, I knew that it was not going to be a mindbender movie. Instead I thought of it as a disbelief of reality where someone is going to get a serious beating. And you know what it worked. Kurt Russel did what I though was a remarkable role in showing the emotionless soldier that he was. I recommend this movie if your out with the boys and want to watch a good action film.'), ('163', '6', 'Ok, basically this is a popcorn sci-fi movie, but from the outset its obvious that it has been directed with a great deal of intelligence. You can count about 10 clichés that the film is building up to, but it only delivers on about three of them, and a couple of them have a twist to them that lets you know once again that the director hasn\'t assumed that you are an idiot. Kurt Russell\'s acting is truely superb and brings a depth from the character that is suprising and rewarding. Recommended if you\'ve just seen something really stupid, and want to rebuild your faith!'), ('164', '6', 'Soldier may not have academy acting or Lucas special effects but it definitely does it for me. I won\'t tell you what its about, I\'m sure you already read the summary. This is a great doomed futureistic action/science fiction movie. Kurt Russell doesn\'t say much, he usually has an eerie or drone look on his face but it fits the character. There are great action and fight scenes; some of the scenes are unrealistic, but thats Hollywood make believe land that we should have to escape our normal lives. I have not seen Soldier 2 but this one it one of my favorites. I\'m lucky enough to have a wife that digs on guy movies; we both love this movie and recommend it to anyone who likes tough guy/sci-fi movies.'), ('165', '6', 'This was excellent. Touching, action-packed, and perfect for Kurt Russel. I loved this movie, it deserves more than 5.3 or so stars. This movie is the story of an obsolete soldier who learns there is more to life than soldiering, and people who learn that there is a time for fighting, a need to defend. I cried, laughed and mostly sat in awe of this story. Good writing job for an action flick, and the plot was appropriate and fairly solid. The ending wasn\'t twisty, but it was still excellent. If you like escape from New York, or rooting for the underdog, this movie is for you. Not an undue amount of gore or violence, it was not difficult to watch in that respect. Something for everyone.'), ('166', '6', 'I fell in love with this silent action drama. Kurt Russell and only Kurt Russell could have played this so well. Raised from childhood to know nothing but war and fighting, Todd (Kurt Russell) is dumped on a planet after being made obsolete by genetically engineered soldiers.The stage is set and another classic icon of action movies was born - SOLDIER. Not Rambo, not Schwarzenegger, not Bruce Willis, not Mel Gibson, not Jason Statham - Kurt Russell owns this role and made it entirely his - original, daring, and all too human. I miss the fact that sequels were never made.'), ('167', '6', 'What a perfect example of \"Less Is More...\" Kurt Russell (Sgt. Todd) only has 72 lines, and something like 104 words. What a challenge! Like a black and white photo, when your mind\'s eye has to fill in the blanks, the facial expressions, the physical drama, the emotive gesture, all combines to make a stronger impact. This is one of those top 5 movies I can\'t live without, right up there with the classics like Road Warrior. If you liked this, check out \"Mad Max 2, The Road Warrior\" and \"Braveheart\" both starring Mel Gibson. Also \"Gladiator\" with Russell Crowe and Connie Nielsen who was in Soldier also. The \"Thirteenth Warrior\" starring Antonio Banderas and \"Blade Runner\" starring Harrison Ford.'), ('168', '6', 'this movie is ok if you like mindless action ,corny acting, and a very small plot !The special effects are decent considering this movie is from the director of\"Event Horizon\". The costumes are like something from a mad max movie .None of the soldiers talk ,so others tell them what to do.It eventually end up as a big shoot\'em up movie with explosions all the place. I personally liked Russell better in \"tango and cash\"\"escape from la/new york\" and \"executive decision\". It must see this movie leave your mind at the door for a no brainer action science fiction movie!!'), ('169', '6', 'Half a dozen short stories of varying interest enlighten us about life in Finland. These stories are interwoven and each contains a scene in which a sonic boom is heard. This indicates that the events depicted happen at the same time.The film begins with a bungy jump which promises some excitement but the early stories are quite low key. The film improves so stick with it. Two broken marriages in stories that follow provide plenty of drama while a scene in a hospital gives us a terminally ill patient begging for pain relief. The last moments with his wife are both convincing and moving.While the various scenes of family life take place in Finland, the themes are of a general nature wherever you happen to live.Collections of short stories are rarely as satisfying as a good tense 90-minute drama.'), ('170', '6', 'People call this a comedy, but when I just watched it, I laughed only once. I guess the problem is that I first saw it when I was 14,and I wasn\'t old enough to understand that it wasn\'t meant to betaken seriously. There were quite a few scenes that were meant to be funny, but I cared too much about the characters to laugh at them.I suggest that you watch this film next time you\'re falling in love,and try to take it seriously. I think you\'ll find that, despite a few silly flaws, it\'s one of the most moving love stories you\'ve ever seen.'), ('171', '6', 'The Finnish version of Robert Altman\'s \"Short Cuts\", set in the small rural town of Äänekoski. The episodes present a kaleidoscope of the eternal events, problems and emotions of human life: joy and love, deception and disillusionment, hopelessness and death. I was particularly impressed by two episodes. The first is the story of the young waitress, who tries to stir up a romance for his co-workers: she radiates an overwhelming joy of love and life. The other episode presents and old man dying in a hospital and his wife trying to help him die with dignity. Particularly striking is the way the old couple have to fight their way against the humiliating practices of the hospital and their loneliness contrasted with the \"routines\" of the hospital crew (despite the signs of occasional empathy). Compared with Altman\'s classic, this movie is perhaps less professional, but it is definitely a great piece of art.'), ('172', '6', 'I found this film by mistake many years ago & wondered then (still do) why it didn\'t get the acclaim it should have. Well written, beautiful acting, one ironic twist after another, and THERE IS PLAUSIBILITY in what the nefarious characters are attempting. I would not recommend this film for people with short attention spans; it requires sufficient intelligence to comprehend that there maybe a kernel of truth in this story.'), ('173', '6', 'Chances Are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film. Robert Downey, Jr. is excellent in this movie. His extra large eyes and wonderfully variable facial expressions are part of expertise in acting as different people in diverse films. Compare Robert Downey, Jr. in Chaplin. You will enjoy Chances Are. I did.'), ('174', '6', 'Good work by everyone, from scriptwriters, director, and cast; a lovely fun film that becomes believable for sentimental reasons only; a good film for television on those cloudy, cold wintry days when you just want to sit back and enjoy.'), ('175', '6', 'I had to shut this off after about 15 execrable moments..I was hoping it might improve, What I saw was badly acted, directed & written.This movie should never even have been released directly to DVD,.The lead character who is a bride top be from HELL has an huge Ice sculpture fall on her killing her. She was such a revolting person I was not even sorry for her. She winds up there in a sort of heaven, & was still repulsive, I left shortly after.Eve Longoria portrays her & I hope I never see her again, she cant even act.She is just plain annoying.Paul Rudd an actor who normally can do no wrong also was in this dud.Jason Biggs ( no longer a teen) is also present,I do like comedies BUT not stupid ones about stupid people.Rating: * (out of 4) 30 points (out of 100) IMDb 2 (out of 10)'), ('176', '6', 'This movie is one of the worst ones of the year. The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible. Paul Rudd is the only one that has any talent, and the only one that is not annoying. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don\'t know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was horrible. It\'s like she knows nothing about acting. All her character does is whine throughout the film, and she can\'t pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays little emotion and it\'s like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is so cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with little surprise. So much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot should have revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It\'s not worth watching.'), ('177', '6', 'Was this the greatest movie that I have ever seen? No. Was it the worst? No.As a mother of four kids, it is nice to watch something that was light and amusing. It was great, but it was cute.I think that it definitely had some room to improve, but it tried.I am not sure if this movie deserves the extreme level of abuse from the other reviewer. They obviously do not care for Eva Longoria. I think that she was better in this than in The Sentinel. I think that movies are a matter of opinion. The actors play a huge role in whether it is a hit or a flop.Maybe the cast did not work out. Maybe there were too many things going on.I just wanted to speak up for an average movie, not a terrible one. It could just be a chick flick. Kind of like the movie The Split-Up or French Kiss. My husband still talks about those. :)'), ('178', '6', 'This movie is similar to the play entitled \'Blithe Spirit\' written by Noel Coward. The plot of a ghost wife and a medium are strongly linked to Coward\'s writing. I\'m surprised that movies of this nature don\'t acknowledge the original writer\'s concept. I realize that the public may not be aware that this is a knockoff but it is.Sad. These movies are so expensive to produce. I do perk up when a screenplay is original. I even perk up when it\'s an innovative way to produce a work that was previously released. There were some samples mentioned (such as Topper, etc.). I realize that movies are still a comparatively affordable form of entertainment. However, I\'m not please when the public\'s taste is taken for granted. In this situation, the public\'s taste is overlooked.I look forward to better produced movie entertainment.In this case. I rather see the play.'), ('179', '6', 'Jeff Lowell has written & directed \'Over Her Dead Body\' poorly. The idea is first of all, is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Minus Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks jaded and least interested. Lake Bell is a complete miscast. She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance. Jason Biggs is wasted, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment more from this film. Sadly, I didn\'t get entertained.'), ('180', '6', 'The lovely Eva Longoria Parker plays Kate, who dies after an ice angel crushes her before the \"I do\'s\" with fiancé Henry(Paul Rudd). After two years Henry has yet to move on and his sister Chloe(Lindsay Sloane)is very concerned. Chloe arranges for Henry to talk with an attractive psychic Ashley(Lake Bell). Ashley is to contact Kate\'s spirit hoping to help Henry get on with his life. When the psychic starts getting attracted to Henry, Kate\'s ghost appears to nip the romance in the bud. There are some funny situations; but if you\'ve seen the trailers you have seen the substance of the film. Also in the cast: Stephen Root, Jason Biggs, William Morgan Sheppard and Wendi McLendon-Covey. I personally thought that Bell stole the show from Parker. And Biggs as usual a pain in the butt. Still this movie was over-hyped.');