INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('241', '9', 'I gave this movie a 2, and though I consider myself a science fiction fan, I found this movie very difficult to take seriously. It was on AMC one late night, and I\'m glad I saw it for free. This movie is probably good for a few laughs, but not much more.The special effects are about average for the time period - not awful, but not great, either. Of course we know more about Mars now than we did back then, but we really can\'t hold that against this film. The main reason I did not like this movie is because of the story.There were several parts of this movie that I wish would have been explored in a little more detail - the astronaut\'s injury/condition, the city on Mars, the creature in the lake, etc. Overall, the movie is much like a lengthy episode of the 1960s version of The Outer Limits - complete with a cheesy ending.'), ('242', '9', 'Hopelessly inept and dull movie in which the characters stand around in rooms or a rocket ship and talk endlessly. You might think things would perk up when they explore Mars but these scenes are filmed through a heavy red/orange filter which makes everything very murky. The Martian landscape/vegetation consists mainly of drawings and the monsters are entirely unconvincing. There are echoes of \'Bride Of The Monster\' when the heroine carefully winds the octopus like tentacle of a flesh eating plant around her before weakly thrashing about, the difference being that the Ed Wood film is a hundred times more entertaining. Better wear earplugs when watching otherwise the \'sci-fi\' music score, repeated endlessly, will drive you insane. If you find yourself unable to sleep one night just slip this one into the VCR and your insomnia will be cured in no time.'), ('243', '9', 'Surely no Saturday morning TV kids\' show was ever done this poorly. After all, those producers had to count on the audience coming back. Well, in this awful offering, they could at least count the money they saved on sets. The script could have been a reject from some long-forgotten space opera serial, with a few smarmy lines added for cool-dude Gerald Mohr to murmur to Naura Hayden. No director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline, so the action just plods boringly along. The spaceship props are absurd--a Bulova wall clock and portable typewriter, for example--but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history. Most are crude drawings, and it\'s all bathed in an often misfocused red light. Even Mohr\'s bare hairy chest is used as a prop. And it\'s a bad one--as rib-thin as the plot. Any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the Martians--and will probably agree completely!'), ('244', '9', 'This movie is funny and painful at the same time. The \"Cinemagic\" almost gave me a seizure. Despite what they imply, \"Cinemagic\" is not some innovative technical procedure. It was \"developed\" as the result of an accident, and they used it because it disguised the fact that their \"monsters\" were so stupid-looking. I also don\'t think it\'s a coincidence that the writer is Sid \"Pink\".<br /><br />This movie is good for a laugh, if you are really looking for a movie made in 9 days on 200,000 dollars. It is entertaining; at least I can say that about it. The bat/rat/spider is the highlight.'), ('245', '9', '**Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />Gerald Mohr, a busy B-movie actor during the Forties and Fifties, leads an expedition to Mars. Before we get to the Red Planet we\'re entertained by romantic patter between Mohr and scientist Nora Hayden; resident doofus Jack Kruschen; and the sight of Les Tremayne as another scientist sporting a billy-goat beard. The Martian exteriors feature fake backdrops and tints ranging from red to pink-the \"Cinemagic\" process touted in the ads. Real cool monsters include a giant amoeba, a three-eyed insect creature, an oversized Venus Fly-Trap, and the unforgettable rat/bat/spider. The whole bizarre adventure is recalled by survivor Hayden under the influence of hypnotic drugs. THE ANGRY RED PLANET reportedly has quite a cult following, and it probably picked up most of its adherents during the psychedelic Sixties.'), ('246', '9', 'It\'s telling that as of the entry of this comment, NO females have submitted a vote of any kind for this movie. Not surprisingly, cheesy science fiction doesn\'t appeal to them quite as much... If you like a good \"B\" movie, and especially if you like to satirize them as you watch, you will like this. If you don\'t have fun watching bad movies, this one\'s not for you.'), ('247', '9', 'This sci-fi adventure is not the best and by no means the worst. I agree with the statement that bad sci-fi is comical. Bizarre pink tinting and unusual special effects make this a favorite for the late, late, late show viewers. Space explorers on the planet Mars fight off strange giant amoeba-like monsters and other strange creatures. Pretty cool.The cast includes Les Tremayne, Naura Hayden, Gerald Mohr and Jack Kruschen. Get comfy and enjoy. Don\'t feel bad if you nod off for a moment. I agree with adding this to the list of cult classics to not miss.'), ('248', '9', 'This DVD appears to be targetted at someone who will just put it on and play it in an endless loop in the background. It\'s organized as a series of music videos of the Grand Canyon set to various pieces of Tangerine Dream music.Unfortunately, the TD music is dull, and the transfer to DVD looks rather blurry and dim. Too expensive a DVD for what it is.'), ('249', '9', 'First be warned that I saw this movie on TV and with dubbed English - which may have entirely spoiled the atmosphere. However, I\'ll rate what I saw and hope that will steer people away from that version. I found this movie excruciatingly dull. All the movie\'s atmosphere is lost with dubbing leaving the slow frustration of a stalker movie. I\'m sorry, but the worst movie sin in my book is to be slow except when the movie about philosophy. I didn\'t see any deep philosophical meaning in this movie. Maybe I missed something, but I have to tell it like I see it. I rated it a \"1\". What can I say, U.S. oriented tastes, maybe.'), ('250', '9', 'I can\'t believe that so many are comparing this movie to Argento\'s. His work is far more imaginative and vicious--and a lot more fun.The director simply lacks the ability to build real tension. The murder scenes--and let\'s face it, that\'s what this genre is all about--aren\'t interesting. It was not hard to guess who the murderer was, and I really didn\'t care when it was revealed. The cinematography isn\'t memorable, and the much-praised 19th century Gothic atmosphere just didn\'t draw me in. Several of the actors are quite good (especially the headmistress and the sadistic girl who lords it over the younger students), but they\'re given very little to do.Yes, there are undertones of incest, sadomasochism, and lesbianism, but amazingly, they add very little spice or suspense. If you\'re looking for a good horror movie, look elsewhere.'), ('251', '9', 'The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I\'m to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.'), ('252', '9', 'I paid one dollar for this DVD and at first I was feeling ripped off, but then I started thinking about it and I should be grateful. I have found a holy grail, a real touchstone of bad cinema. If you think the opening dramatic shots of an empty stadium successfully fizzle with Evel\'s awkward camera address monologue, then wait until the opening credits roll on the chauffeur\'s butt. The script seems to be pasted together from press clippings, and ESL textbooks. But..... I just can\'t believe how bad George Hamilton is. He seems to have absolutely no connection to anything he says, the only internal monologue I can detect is \"gosh I bet they think I am cute. really cute!\". This is an epiphany! I now know how bad it can get.'), ('253', '9', 'The old axiom that bored people are boring people is well demonstrated in \"Women in Love.\" The script, taken from D. H. Lawrence\'s novel, contains an endless flow of concepts that are, at best, sophomoric.What a pity so much effort went into so vacuous an exercise; what an empty array of characters given such attention. In spite of high production values, this film comes across as tedious as its personnel.A revisit in 2001 merely confirms a 1969 impression of juvenille minds in adult bodies, dawdling nowhere, and fumbling every step of the way.'), ('254', '9', 'Not that I want to be mean but this movie really surprised me a lot. During the whole film, I was like...erm...what is this movie all about? I don\'t get the animations at all. Probably this movie will only be suitable for those who belongs to the 1980s. During the film, there is a group of people walked out. After the movie, many people said, \"That\'s it?\" Frankly speaking, I cannot believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. If you are thinking of watching this film, I strongly recommend you not to. You will regret it. I\'m not joking. You will find that you are just wasting both your time and money of you go and watch it.'), ('255', '9', 'A study in bad. Bad acting, bad music, bad screenplay, bad editing, bad direction and a bad idea. Pieces of schlock don\'t come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this... thing. By the end of the \"movie\", you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place. Poor Malcolm McDowell, was he short of cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven\'t died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you\'ll see the cyborg-populated town named \"Cytown\", you will. Avoid this, my movie-loving friends. Avoid.'), ('256', '9', 'I thought the children in the show did a very good job. I especially enjoyed the performance of the Emma character. Well done! The stunts were pretty good for a low budget show. I was able to follow the movie and enjoy it without having to look at my watch every 5 minutes.I enjoyed the scenes with the tooth fairy and the burning of her. The ghostly apparitions of the children\'s souls being released was also good. Another good point of the movie is that it kept moving along. There wasn\'t a lot of slow scenes. The adult leads were also believable and therefore helped to keep the show entertaining. All in all an enjoyable night of movie watching.'), ('257', '9', 'I almost didn\'t rent this because of all the bad comments but did anyways.I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked. The only part i hated about the tooth ferry was the 2 red neck brothers at the gas station.They were funny and the dialog made me laugh but this was not a comedy. It ruined the movie a bit for me because it was unnecessary.The rest of the movie was the way a horror or suspense film should be. The make-up was good and I have seen way worse movies then this one. It was a simple story with believable acting.It\'s not the scariest or goriest movie, but I wasn\'t ticked off or wanting a refund after watching it. On the DVD there was previews of other movies that all look good and i\'m gonna check them out.'), ('258', '9', 'hello. i just watched this movie earlier today for the 14th time in 3 days. i am a history teacher that has wayyyyy too much time on my hands. i need a life. i found the movie containing a striking resemblance to broke back mountain. i also found that i look a lot like jean Lafitte if he were white. also, my favorite line in the entire movie was from Mr. Petey--\"this baby can shoot a chipmunk\'s eye from 300 yards!!\" oh, and my favorite scene in the movie was when the British were coming in, and the one drummer who was so devoted to his work, and he drummed till the death, as if that drum would end the war altogether....but it wouldn\'t. well, thats all i would like to say about this movie. OH, one more thing..bonnie brown is an insane physco bipolar mood swinging BEEYOTCH. that is all.'), ('259', '9', 'I am afraid it was a movie that you have to ACTUALLY WATCH to get anything out of it.I t is not a mindless movie like .....\"LEATHAL WEAPON PART 58\" you know the one where Riggs is really crazy? it is not a movie that is pretty much the same at the end as it is a the beginning. you can run everywhere talk on the phone do what ever and enjoy it in any way.I have noticed in the past that most people that do not like this type of movie are the type that will do most anything but watch a movie and then slam it because .....duh they don\'t get it or understand it or what happened.<br /><br />DON\'T LET YOUR DOGGY TAKE A SHOWER!!!'), ('260', '9', 'This movie has great stars in their earlier years: Ingor Stevens never looked prettier; Yul Brynner was a very convincing Jean LaFitte, conflicted about his piracy and desiring to keep neutrality with the United States. Charlton Heston did a pretty good job as Andrew Jackson, but some moments were a bit stilted. It\'s really a good flick for students to learn that part of our history, AND it shows that all happy endings do NOT include the lovers getting together with each other--sometimes the happier ending is that they sail away and find partners of similar background who will understand them better in the long run. I have viewed it every year at least twice for 16 years now; and though it is not the best movie I\'ve ever seen, I love it every time!'), ('261', '9', 'The original DeMille movie was made in 1938 with Frederic March. A very good film indeed. Hollywood\'s love of remakes brings us a fairly interesting movie starring Yul Brynner. He of course was brilliant as he almost always seemed to be in all of his movies. Charlton Heston as Andrew Jackson was a stroke of genius. However, the movie did tend to get a little long in places. It does not move at the pace of the 1938 version. Still, it is a fun movie that should be seen at least once.'), ('262', '9', 'Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthwhile movie. While the details may be \'dramatized\', the overall history was a nice primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real pleasure. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I\'ll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an enjoyable character actor, but top kudos\' to Andrew Jackson\'s right hand man Peavey. The perfect touch of comedy. Well shot, with beautiful ships, and competent acting throughout out, I recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when great names, and top notch character actors, were a real pleasure to enjoy.'), ('263', '9', 'During the whole Pirates of The Caribbean Trilogy Craze Paramount Pictures really dropped the ball in restoring this Anthony Quinn directed Cecil B. DeMille supervised movie and getting it on DVD and Blu Ray with all the extras included. It is obvious to me that Paramount Pictures Execs are blind as bats and ignorant of the fact that they have a really good pirate movie in their vault about a real pirate who actually lived in New Orleans, Louisiana which would have helped make The Crescent City once again famous for it\'s Pirate Connections. When the Execs at Paramount finally get with the program and release this movie in digital format then I will be a happy camper. Paramount Pictures it is up to you to get off your duff and get this film restored now !'), ('264', '9', 'Sure, the history in this movie was \"Hollywoodized\"--but it\'s far from being the only bit of history rewritten for the masses. Lafitte sided with the Americans because he considered himself a Frenchman and therefore hated the British, not because of any sense of patriotism for a nation that had taken over New Orleans only a short time ago; he broke his agreement and returned to smuggling, which caused his sailing to Galveston; he was more of a petty criminal and scoundrel than a hero *or* a swashbuckler. But who cares? This is one movie that\'s sheer entertainment--and face it, we all wanted Jean to go for the feisty wench rather than the prudish daughter of the governor. Brynner once again rises over mediocre writing to give a fascinating performance.'), ('265', '9', 'If you\'re at all interested in pirates, pirate movies, New Orleans/early 19th century American history, or Yul Brynner, see this film for yourself and make up your own mind about it. Don\'t be put off by various lacklustre reviews. My reaction to it was that it is entertaining, well acted (for the most part), has some very witty dialogue, and that it does an excellent job of portraying the charm, appeal and legendary fascination of the privateer Jean Lafitte. While not all the events in the film are historically accurate (can you show me any historical film that succeeds in this?), I feel the film is accurate in its treatment of the role Lafitte played in New Orleans\' history, and the love-hate relationship between the \"respectable\" citizens of New Orleans and this outlaw who was one of the city\'s favorite sons. Don\'t worry about what the film doesn\'t do, but watch it for what it does do, i.e., for its study of one of New Orleans\', and America\'s, most intriguing historical figures.'), ('266', '9', 'I was forced to see this because a) I have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Personally, I didn\'t think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn\'t the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff I feared it would be. It was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. Although I\'m pleased that they didn\'t try to \"upgrade\" Nancy to 21st Century \"hipness\" (Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew), I do think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn\'t do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled \"Jane Doe, Girl Detective\". I have to blame the script: I think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with. I liked Emma Roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-TV, not theatrical release, script...'), ('267', '9', 'I really liked this movie...it was cute. I enjoyed it, but if you didn\'t, that is your fault. Emma Roberts played a good Nancy Drew, even though she isn\'t quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn\'t have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn\'t! Just go to the theater and watch it!!! You will enjoy it!'), ('268', '9', 'I have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery. A little too simple, Nancy Drew (Emma Roberts) uses IMDb... that\'s fantastic! I really liked about that part of the movie...Corky (Josh Flitter) is however extremely hilarious... and Ned Nickerson (Max Thieriot) seemed really hopeless... he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him...Alright, this movie is tour and fashion in disguise. Anyhow, I recommend this movie, just for summer fun. Encore Nancy, just for fun. More teen spy movies by Emma Roberts.. Spymate... remember? She\'s becoming good at this tricky detective work.'), ('269', '9', 'I had heard this movie was good from a lot of my friends that saw it, and they all said it was amazing, so I had very high expectations- and Nancy Drew exceeded those high expectations! It had funny parts, it kept me entertained with the action and all the dudes trying to kill her, and Emma Roberts was amazing as Nancy Drew. The rest of the cast was very good, also. I would definitely recommend this movie!! Nancy: \"I wonder why those guys were trying to kill us?!\" Corky: \"Yeah, I was wondering that too. Actually, it\'s kinda creeping me out!\"Nancy: \"I hate when people try to kill me. It\'s so rude!\"~Nancy Drew'), ('270', '9', 'This was a great movie! Even though there was only about 15 people including myself there it was great! My friend and I laughed a lot. My mom even enjoyed it. There was two middle aged women there and a mid 20 year old there and they seemed to enjoy it. I love the part where Corky and Ned are like both liking Nancy and stuff its cute lol. And when she gets her roadster and Ned is there. Yeah This was a great movie even thought people underestimated it lol. Go See it i bet you\'ll enjoy it!! I really enjoyed it and so did my friend. People were so tough on this movie and they hadn\'t even seen it. I bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance. They all did a great job in my opinion. But if you have young kids its still appropriate. I will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too.');