INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('31', '2', 'Adrian Monk has OCD in the same way Superman has an allergy to Kryptonite. I LOVE Monk, and this new series underscores how what may seem a disability can really be a whole new, wider way of looking at the world. Naturally, he\'ll need a LOT of help with the disabling aspects, however.Tony Shalhoub is perfect in this -- every nuance, every moment, every choice is 100%. His empathy with the character is profound, and rather than some quirky stereotype, his Monk is a beautiful, poetic character that will live for a longtime after the petty series characters of modern hit television fade away. Bitty Schram\'s Sharona is a lovely, warm act of faith, and everyone -- literally everyone -- is perfectly cast.And along with all this warmth, this is the funniest show to come along in many years.Ignore the naysayers...watch it.'), ('32', '2', 'In my opinion, Monk is one of the best shows I have seen in a long time. The main characters, detective Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub), and his friend and personal assistant, Sharona Fleming (the very talented yet underrated Bitty Schram) are very likeable and well-drawn. More importantly, the episodes are very well-written and highly amusing. I definitely recommend it.'), ('33', '2', 'I wasnt sure what to expect from this movie because i knew it combined my favourite actor De Niro\'s stongest(Gangster roll) and weakest (Comedy)acting aspects in one film . Any worries i had soon were dispelled because i loved the film. Crystal and De Niro worked like a comedy duo that had been together for years. The story is of a Gangster who starts to have emotional problems and panic attacks due to the death of his father 35 years ago.The ensuing antics result in a very funny and action packed cracker of a film. Dont miss it! 9 out of 10.'), ('34', '2', 'Just watched this movie last night. I thought Billy Crystal was wonderful as Ben Sobol. Robert De Niro as Paul Vitti was very good. It was worth looking at the movie just to see the scene when Billy Crystal pretends to be a gangster--I could not stop laughing. Recommend this movie to any one who wants a good laugh'), ('35', '2', 'This movie ain\'t bad. A mob boss going to the shrink is actually a very good idea. But I don\'t think this movie explores the idea in the most interesting manner. I would enjoy this movie more if it were more like thetv-series Sopranos. But I suppose that comparison is an invalid one. What the hell, it\'s Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro!'), ('36', '2', 'After a day at work, I sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels. The movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting so I tuned in just before it started. The first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested, but the lack of acting ability in Jamie Foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie. If there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to David Morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting. All in all, don\'t plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night.'), ('37', '2', 'This fanciful horror flick has Vincent Price playing a mad magician that realizes his vocational talents have been sold to another. He devise ways of avenging all those that have wronged him. His master scheme seems to back fire on him.Price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces, but is still the only reason to watch this thriller. Supporting cast includes Patrick O\'Neal, Mary Murphy, Eva Gabor and Jay Novello.'), ('38', '2', 'This fanciful horror flick has Vincent Price playing a mad magician that realizes his vocational talents have been sold to another. He devise ways of avenging all those that have wronged him. His master scheme seems to back fire on him.Price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces, but is still the only reason to watch this thriller. Supporting cast includes Patrick O\'Neal, Mary Murphy, Eva Gabor and Jay Novello.'), ('39', '2', 'Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just not my cup of tea. It\'s about 8½ minutes too long.'), ('40', '2', 'This movie has beautiful scenery. Unfortunately it has no plot. In order to have a plot there must be a conflict. This movie had none. It spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. The picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don\'t expect a story. There isn\'t one.'), ('41', '2', 'I always felt that a good film should have a plot. This particular film was missing one, and I feel that it would have been more effective with a plot. This was made even worse by the fact that it seemed to go on forever; I was anxious for it to finally end. However, I just noticed that it was only 123 minutes long; it felt like four hours. Not only was there no plot but the film also lacked a notable conflict. It\'s not the worst movie I\'ve seen, but I used to say that it was until I saw The Fast And The Furious. So, don\'t think this review of mine is from someone who needs nothing but action. I actually hate most action films out today; it\'s just that this film is all the way on the other side of the spectrum. Not much really happens in this movie. However, the scenery and costumes were nice.'), ('42', '2', 'Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70\'s to early 2000\'s. It was \"Return To Cabin By The Lake\" the movie that aired yesterday. I regret for watching it.The original \"Cabin By The Lake\" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. The problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. Ugh. The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it\'s absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : avoid this one at all costs. It\'s a movie that it shouldn\'t be watched by anyone. Not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.You have been warned.'), ('43', '2', 'This film, The Alamo:Thirteen Days to Glory, is utter rubbish. The acting is awful, it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best (Historians would have a field day). It does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long. Rating * out of **********.'), ('44', '2', 'This movie is flawed on many fronts. Like many before it, it portrays more of the mythology of the Alamo than the history. The production is poor, overall giving the impression of a welfare project for lots of actors who might have otherwise had to work on Hollywood Squares. This to me was the greatest flaw - I know the ages and general personalities of the real Alamo protagonists and the geriatric ensemble of TV actors chosen to portray them never let any hint of believability intrude.As a native Texan, I grew up with the mythology. I later learned more about the history. I can accept a decent production from either perspective (although I prefer more historical accuracy), but this never gave me a chance to enjoy it. Even John Wayne\'s or Fess Parker\'s versions had more life than this stolid mess, while being only slightly less accurate.Very disappointing - avoid it.'), ('45', '2', 'After a day at work, I sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels. The movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting so I tuned in just before it started. The first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested, but the lack of acting ability in Jamie Foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie. If there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to David Morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting. All in all, don\'t plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night.'), ('46', '2', 'Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like \"Sling Blade\", \"A Simple Plan\" and \"The Man Who Wasn\'t There\" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. What I didn\'t realise however, was that there could be one THIS bad. I\'ll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: Knock Knock, Who\'s there?, The big stinking man, The big stinking man who?, The big stinking man - is YOU!. Yes folks, it really is that bad. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), and the rest of the movie is painful. For some reason though, although it\'s undeniably awful, I don\'t hate it. That\'s probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like The Fast and the Furious and not a no-budget flick like this one. 2/10 at a push.'), ('47', '2', 'I wanted to punch the TV. Watching it was torture. I hated it. Never watch this movie. The terrorists are annoying. Adam Sandler is annoying. I normally like him but not in this one. I wanted to break the DVD. This is the most irritating film in the world. The comedian he\'s jealous of is obnoxious. The only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls. It was so irritating I wanted to punch the TV. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU WANT TO ANNOY SOMEONE. If you even like Adam Sandler a little bit, Don\'t buy it. It will just make you hate him. Do yourself a favor, if you see it in the store, hide it to put everyone out of danger of buying it. Its a waste of the $1.99 I paid for it.'), ('48', '2', 'Michael Jackson would have claimed a spot for the top-billed character in THE GOLDEN CHILD, and because he loves kids. That didn\'t work (and why should it?), so instead we have Eddie Murphy out to save the world by rescuing Kid Midas. I would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor\'s inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy that\'s a step closer to ISHTAR. Whatever Murphy says or does can be best liked, but don\'t get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent; he doesn\'t belong in this movie, and the same went for DR. DOLITTLE! The violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic, and that wouldn\'t have made any sense as Hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy. Speaking of visuals, they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of Ronald Reagan\'s presidential fame. Murphy is far better at COMING TO AMERICA and 48 HRS, but this stale movie isn\'t my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste.'), ('49', '2', 'A friend of mine bought this film for £1, and even then it was grossly overpriced. Despite featuring big names such as Adam Sandler, Billy Bob Thornton and the incredibly talented Burt Young, this film was about as funny as taking a chisel and hammering it straight through your earhole. It uses tired, bottom of the barrel comedic techniques - consistently breaking the fourth wall as Sandler talks to the audience, and seemingly pointless montages of \'hot girls\'.Adam Sandler plays a waiter on a cruise ship who wants to make it as a successful comedian in order to become successful with women. When the ship\'s resident comedian - the shamelessly named Dickie due to his unfathomable success with the opposite gender - is presumed lost at sea, Sandler\'s character Shecker gets his big break. Dickie is not dead, he\'s rather locked in the bathroom, presumably sea sick.Perhaps from his mouth he just vomited the worst film of all time.'), ('50', '2', 'What a dud. It began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. John Cusack\'s Cajun accent was laughable, Bridget Fonda\'s role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, mail in) in their paycheck films. This was > one. >'), ('51', '2', 'Wow, a movie about NYC politics seemingly written by someone who has never set foot in NYC. You know there\'s a problem when at one moment you expect the credits to roll and the movie continues on for another half hour. The characters are boring, John Cusack\'s accent is laughable, and the plotline teeters between boring and laughable. A horrible movie.'), ('52', '2', 'Wow. This is really not that good. I would like to agree with the others in that at least the acting is good... it is, but it is nothing special.The movie is so precictable and i for one am sick of receiving culture info through movies.'), ('53', '2', 'Piece of subtle art. Maybe a masterpiece. Doubtlessly a special story about the ambiguity of existence. Tale in Kafka style about impossibility of victory or surviving in a perpetual strange world. The life is, in this film, only exercise of adaptation. Lesson about limits and original sin, about the frailty of innocence and error of his ways.Leopold Kessle is another Joseph K. Images of Trial and same ambiguous woman. And Europa is symbol of basic crisis who has many aspects like chimeric wars or unavailing search of truth/essence/golden age.Methaphor or parable, the movie is history of disappointed\'s evolution. War, peace, business or lie are only details of gelatin-time. Hypocrisy is a mask. Love- a convention. The sacrifice- only method to hope understanding a painful reality.'), ('54', '2', 'The best way for me to describe Europa, which is high on the list of my favourite films, is the exclamation that came from a companion after the film ended: \"I didn\'t know films could be made like that\". Entirely original in it\'s visual style, it is one of the best examples of what cinema can be. It\'s as far away from the master and coverage style of shooting as one can get; perfectly integrating many layers of image, sound, effects, props, dialogue, voice over, performance, editing, lighting, etc... all equal, none predominant. Despite Hollywood\'s dialogue myopia, cinema is not about dialogue, nor is it about beautiful lighting, action or music. It works best when all the elements are on an equal footing, where ONLY the BLENDING of those elements, in the order or combination in which they are presented, will communicate the idea. Reduce or eliminate the contribution of one element, and the film has no meaning. Europa is what cinema should strive to be.'), ('55', '2', 'This is a cheap and tatty generic sci-fi military paranoia paste-up job, using clichés minted in a thousand other movies.It does the best it can on a budget of about ninepence, but that isn\'t very good. The special effects aren\'t very special (lots of ordnance expended, and the chameleon effect is interesting), and the alien is poorly executed.The cast (with the exception of Robert Culp, adding a few bucks to the pension fund) is composed of total unknowns, and this movie is not going to change that for any of them.And there is incessant use of the F word to no particular effect. It isn\'t big and it isn\'t clever, guys.'), ('56', '2', 'I found the blend of action and humor in this film to be very entertaining. Michelle Yeoh does some incredible stunts, including imaginative use of rope in one sequence. Richard Ng does some pretty slick moves too. Also the actress who plays Chin-Chin does some impressive fighting. If you like Michelle Yeoh films, or even Jackie Chan films, this really should be right up your alley. Incredible stunts, and very funny dialog, this was a real treat to watch.'), ('57', '2', 'Magnificent Warriors finds its leading star, Michelle Yeoh, in top form: her speed and dance-like grace make her fight scenes a pure pleasure to watch (she\'s also good with a whip....and a rope....and a spear....well, you get the idea). And as a bonus, there is another girl, the beautiful and feisty Cindy Lau, who fights as well! Richard Ng, perhaps better known for his role in the Lucky Stars films, provides the comic relief, and he\'s actually quite funny here. The action offers a good mix of martial arts and large-scale battle scenes, and the story is (after the first 30 minutes) engaging and at times even inspiring. The production is spectacular and the music score appropriately epic. If you want to see an Asian take (plus a female twist this time) on the Indiana Jones formula, this is a much better choice than Jet Li\'s Dr. Wai And The Scripture With No Words. (***)'), ('58', '2', 'I found the blend of action and humor in this film to be very entertaining. Michelle Yeoh does some incredible stunts, including imaginative use of rope in one sequence. Richard Ng does some pretty slick moves too. Also the actress who plays Chin-Chin does some impressive fighting. If you like Michelle Yeoh films, or even Jackie Chan films, this really should be right up your alley. Incredible stunts, and very funny dialog, this was a real treat to watch.'), ('59', '2', 'This is a cheap and tatty generic sci-fi military paranoia paste-up job, using clichés minted in a thousand other movies.It does the best it can on a budget of about ninepence, but that isn\'t very good. The special effects aren\'t very special (lots of ordnance expended, and the chameleon effect is interesting), and the alien is poorly executed.The cast (with the exception of Robert Culp, adding a few bucks to the pension fund) is composed of total unknowns, and this movie is not going to change that for any of them.And there is incessant use of the F word to no particular effect. It isn\'t big and it isn\'t clever, guys.'), ('60', '2', 'And any fans of hers will want to see this thoroughly entertaining romp. A big-budget picture that doesn\'t skimp on plot or its sometimes-hilarious script in showcasing Ms. Yeoh\'s considerable talents (including a great scene with a whip!), THE MAGNIFICENT WARRIORS delivers on all counts. Don\'t miss!');