INSERT INTO `reviews` (`reviewID`, `movieID`, `Review`) VALUES ('61', '3', 'There\'s some very clever humour in this film, which is both a parody of and a tribute to actors. However, after a while it just seems an exercise in style (notwithstanding great gags such as Balasko continuing the part of Dussolier, and very good acting by all involved) and I was wondering why Blier made this film. All is revealed in the ending, when Blier, directing Claude Brasseur, gets a phone call from his dad (Bernard Blier) - from heaven, and gets the chance to say how much he misses him. An effective emotional capper and obviously heartfelt. But there isn\'t really sufficient dramatic tension or emotional involvement to keep the rest of the film interesting throughout it\'s entire running time. Some really nice scenes and sequences, however, and anyone who likes these \'mosntres sacrés\' of the French cinema should get a fair amount of enjoyment out of this film.'), ('62', '3', 'Really...and incredible film that though isn\'t very popular...extremely touching and almost life altering...was for me at least.Definitely worth seeing and buying .....Added to my favorite movie list....it\'s number one now...This is a very touching movie that all people should see..The Man in the Moon.....we\'ll it\'s just incredible. It\'s now my favorite movie and I only saw it today and I\'d recommend it to anyone above 15 as long as you\'re somewhat mature......If you don\'t really try to feel the characters emotions then you\'ll never get the true meaning and value of this movie....But it really is incredible....just watch it because it\'ll alter the way some people look at life....worth seeing 5/5'), ('63', '3', 'Reese Witherspoon first outing on the big screen was a memorable one. She appears like a fresh scrubbed face tween slight and stringy, but undeniably Reese.I have always liked her as an actor, and had no idea she started this young with her career, go figure. I actually gained some respect for Reese to know who she was so early on. I say that because whenever I have watched her perform, the characters thus far, in each portrayal she also seemed to have her own persona that lived with that character, quite nicely in fact.Anyway, my first film experience with Reese was the Little Red Riding Hood parody Reese did with Kiefer Sutherland, somehow I assumed that was her first time up \"at bat\" Not so, well done Reese'), ('64', '3', 'THE MAN IN THE MOON is a warm and moving coming of age drama centering around a farming family in the 1950\'s. The main story follows a 14-year old girl (Reese Witherspoon) who develops a crush on a 17-year old neighbor (Jason London) who ends up falling for her older sister (Emily Warfield) and how an unexpected tragedy alters this family\'s dynamics forever. The 1950\'s are lovingly evoked here and the screenplay gives you characters you come to care about almost immediately. Witherspoon already begins to show the Oscar-winning talent she would develop in this early role and London makes a charming leading man. Warfield lends a quiet maturity to the role of the older sister that is effective as well. Kudos to Sam Waterston and Tess Harper who play the girls\' parents and Gail Strickland, who plays London\'s mom. I was unexpectedly moved by this quiet and affecting drama that stirs up strong emotions and gives deeper meaning to the phrase family ties.'), ('65', '3', 'I thought this movie was very well done. Taking place in the mid 1950\'s, everything looked accurate to me. It was well cast and believable. I don\'t usually care much for this type of movie, because they just don\'t have any depth, but I felt this movie delved in to the characters and you could feel how they felt, you got to really know them and care about them. It did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time. This movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age groups. After the movie was over I wished there was a part two. I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family. This movie is bound to be a classic. If you haven\'t seen it you should try to catch it when it is on TV or rent it...'), ('66', '3', 'i must say this movie is truly amazing and heartwarming. Reese Witherspoon is so charming and Jason London\'s not so bad either! it is so sweet watching Dani fall in love and it breaks my heart and yet warms my heart at the same time watching Court fall in love with Maureen. however it is even sweeter watching how much he cares for Dani. I must admit though i did kind of want him to fall for Dani in the end. it is just so cute watching her fall for him i did not want her to get her heart broken so badly. but the biggest tragedy i have ever seen occurred in this movie. watching him die made me cry for a whole day. i just could not believe it. however never a more loving relationship has been shown in a movie then Maureen and Dani. they really can make it through anything. i am giving this movie a 9 because i didn\'t want Court to die but it was still one of the most amazing movies i have ever seen.'), ('67', '3', 'i must say this movie is truly amazing and heartwarming. Reese Witherspoon is so charming and Jason London\'s not so bad either! it is so sweet watching Dani fall in love and it breaks my heart and yet warms my heart at the same time watching Court fall in love with Maureen. however it is even sweeter watching how much he cares for Dani. I must admit though i did kind of want him to fall for Dani in the end. it is just so cute watching her fall for him i did not want her to get her heart broken so badly. but the biggest tragedy i have ever seen occurred in this movie. watching him die made me cry for a whole day. i just could not believe it. however never a more loving relationship has been shown in a movie then Maureen and Dani. they really can make it through anything. i am giving this movie a 9 because i didn\'t want Court to die but it was still one of the most amazing movies i have ever seen.'), ('68', '3', 'I was so surprised by how great The Man In The Moon truly was.I mean at first I was kinda expecting a cheesy, and predictable film, but I decided to put that aside when watching.Well, when it was over I was just left stunned(mainly in tears), by how great The Man In The Moon turned out to be.This movie is so entertaining and is so aware of its tone, and its just a fabulous film.The acting was great especially from Reece Witherspoon(who was so cute and lovable), and everyone else.There wasn\'t anything that really bothered me, I felt the ending kinda predictable, but very well done at that.Also I felt some things to be plain or as if it had been done before, but still a great film.Overall I must say I don\'t to much to say about this film, not that it was bad, its just a film you either like or don\'t like.I would however recommend this to any and everyone, even if you don\'t like these type of films, its still an enjoyable film.8.7 out of 10 stars'), ('69', '3', 'Reese Witherspooon\'s first movie. Loved it. The plot and the acting was top notch. You are emotionally involved with the characters. In my opinion, a must see.After watching this movie you will see why Reese Witherspoon\'s acting career has been so successful. The other cast members do a great job also. <br /><br />The movie flows extremely well. There is not a boring moment in the whole picture. The Man in the Moon\'s length is just right.As I said earlier, I think this movie was excellent. I have seen it numerous times, and have enjoyed every one of the viewings.'), ('70', '3', 'A young man named Court is loved by everyone. His painful bloody death brings everyone closer. You can find other symbols and allusions throughout the movie. Whether predictable or not, and irrespective of ecclesiastical beliefs, this is a moving story, full of milieu and sensuality.One other thing, someone mentioned that his fate was so quick that it didn\'t seem plausible. But the elements for this are set up subtly. Note what his mom says about bringing his lunch out to the field. Note how he is holding the steering wheel and his gloves. He is sweaty and operating dangerous equipment. To this day, tractors are pretty dangerous.'), ('71', '3', 'This \"coming of age\" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.<br /><br />Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his superb work in \"To Kill a Mockingbird,\" the film never hits a false note. All the acting is superb. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a stunning film debut. Watching this beautifully photographed and superbly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to reality, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single best movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should watch it together, and use it as a discussion piece, as it raises a number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc.'), ('72', '3', 'I watched this movie by chance, get curious by the trailer on TV. I like when I discover movies like this, little, tender stories about ordinary people. Even if the end is tragic, The Man in the Moon has some funny moments, especially in the first characterization of Dani, with her innocent and pure love affair with Court. It\'s really a beautiful, moving love story with 3 high points: the performance of Reese Witherspoon, who maintained her promises in the world of cinema, the beautiful cinematography by the Old Lion Freddie Francis and the fantastic score by James Newton Howard, which is really the soul of the movie. His themes (which deserved an Oscar nomination) are so intimate and lyric that it seems they had transformed the screenplay in music.'), ('73', '3', 'Loved the film! This was my first glimpse at both Reese Witherspoon and Jason London, both of which are two of my favorites. Must say that no matter how many times I\'ve seen this movie I can\'t help but tear up. One of those movies that should become a classic for all.'), ('74', '3', 'Ouch! This one was a bit painful to sit through. It has a cute and amusing premise, but it all goes to hell from there. Matthew Modine is almost always pedestrian and annoying, and he does not disappoint in this one. Deborah Kara Unger and John Neville turned in surprisingly decent performances. Alan Bates and Jennifer Tilly, among others, played it way over the top. I know that\'s the way the parts were written, and it\'s hard to blame actors, when the script and director have them do such schlock. If you\'re going to have outrageous characters, that\'s OK, but you gotta have good material to make it work. It didn\'t here. Run away screaming from this movie if at all possible.'), ('75', '3', 'be warned: this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence.The only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways.Each story has only a few minutes, so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot. Just an sketchy idea of a plot. The writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer. However, that just didn\'t work out because you didn\'t get to know the characters in before or these jokes were just silly.This is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart. A dozen times. Or even more, I don\'t know and I don\'t care.'), ('76', '3', 'I saw this movie at the AFI Dallas festival. Most of the audience, including my wife, enjoyed this comedy-drama, but I didn\'t. It stars Lucas Haas (Brick, Alpha Dog), Molly Parker (Kissed, The Five Senses, Hollywoodland) and Adam Scott (First Snow, Art School Confidential). The director is Matt Bissonnette, who\'s married to Molly Parker. All three actors do a fine job in this movie about 3 friends, the marriage of two of them and infidelity involving the third. It all takes place at a lake house and it looks wonderful. The film wants to treat its subject as a comedy first and then a drama, and I thought it needed to be the other way around.'), ('77', '3', 'I have seen some bad movies (Austin Powers - The Spy Who Shagged Me, Batman Forever), but this film is so awful, so BORING, that I got about half way through and could not bear watching the rest. A pity. Boasting talent such as Kenneth Branagh, Embeth Davitz and Robert Duvall and a story by John Grisham, what went wrong? Branagh is a big-time lawyer who has a one-night fling with Davitz. Her father (Duvall) is a psychopath who hanged her cat, etc, etc, so Branagh has him sent to a nuthouse, and he promptly escapes. Somehow (I couldn\'t figure out how) Robert Downey jr, Daryl Hannah, Famke Janssen and Tom Berenger are all mixed into the story which moves slower than stationary. I wanted to like this, and, being a huge Grisham fan, have read all about this movie and I (foolishly) expected something interesting. This is honestly the WORST film I\'ve seen to date and I wish I could have my money refunded. * out of *****.'), ('78', '3', 'The first hour of the movie was boring as hell. There is no suspense, no action, not even a plot. The movie went no where. I mean they could have made the movie in 15 min short film. Overall, the movie wasn\'t good at all, and I don\'t recommend it.'), ('79', '3', 'I can\'t believe that so much talent can be wasted in one movie! The Gingerbread Man starts of on the right foot, and manages to build up some great expectations for the ending. But at some point the movie turns into one of the worst stories I\'ve ever wasted my time on. It\'s just so unbelievably how the bewitched Mallory Doss manages to pull Kenneth Branagh\'s character around by his nose. The movies climax is as uninteresting and flat as a beer, which has been left out in the sun too long. The Gingerbread Man is probably the worst Grisham-movie ever and this isn\'t changed by the fact that talented stars crowd the movie. Don\'t waste your time here!'), ('80', '3', 'I should never have started this film, and stopped watching after 3/4\'s. I missed the really botched ending. This film was a disappointment because it could have been so much better. It had nice atmosphere, a top notch cast and director, good locations. But a baaaaaad story line, a bad script. I paid attention to Kenneth Branagh\'s southern accent--it was better than the script. The plot was stupid--driven by characters acting in unreal and improbable ways. No one behaves like this outside of Hollywood scripts.'), ('81', '3', 'The only thing remarkable about this movie? is that all the actors could bomb at the same time. Idiocy. I want my money back...and I got it free from the library. Sheesh. I would rather chew on tin fool and shave my head with a cheese grater then watch this again.'), ('82', '3', 'This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he couldn\'t deliver his lines. The plot was definitely not worthy of John Grisham\'s name. No wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters. I didn\'t even watch the whole thing. I decided I didn\'t care who done it, then realized there was no whodunit to care about!'), ('83', '3', 'Have you ever heard the saying that people telegraph their intentions? Well in this movie, the characters\' actions do more than telegraph future plans -- they show up at your house drunk and buffet you about the head. This could be forgiven if the setting had been used better, or if the characters were more charismatic or nuanced. Embeth Davidtz\'s character is not mysterious, just wooden, and Kenneth Branagh doesn\'t succeed in conveying the brash charm his character probably was written to have.The bottom line: obvious plot, one-note performances, unlikeable characters, and grotesque Southern accents employed by British actors.'), ('84', '3', 'Divorced lawyer Rick Magruder (Branagh) stumbles drunk out of a party hosted by his firm one night and has a chance meeting with a woman named Mallory Doss (Davidtz), who was a waitress at the party and seems to have lost her car. Rick drives the woman to her home and there they discover that her car has been already parked there, seemingly by her father, Dixon Doss (Duvall). Rick and Mallory walk into the house arguing about the situation when Mallory carelessly undresses in front of Rick, and he then spends the night with her.>Rick wakes up in the morning and Mallory encounters him later in the day, asking him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior. Rick, now obsessed with Mallory and willing to do anything for her, is successful in having Dixon put on trial and sent to prison, but when he is freed by his local friends, Rick finds himself in a trouble, trying to protect himself and his children from the danger he has unknowingly brought to life.'), ('85', '3', 'I feel like I\'m the only kid in town who was annoyed by Branagh\'s performance. He is a fine actor by most accounts, but he simply could not pull off the Southern accent. I mean, it was deplorable. It was as if he was trying too hard to be a Yank. One of the previous reviewers questioned why U.S. actors were not cast in this film. I second that notion. It\'s wonderful when actors/actresses wish to expand their horizons, but it\'s another thing to try too hard so that a performance becomes strained. Maybe it was Altman, but he\'s a such a great director...Well, I really don\'t want to bash Branagh for his absolutely hideous accent too much. Everybody deserves to screw up here and there. But it is hard to watch something so annoying that you\'d rather choke on a chicken bone or eat a bucket full of crap than sit through The Gingerbread Man.'), ('86', '3', 'How a director of Altman\'s experience could ever expect us to want to spend time with, or to care about what happens to, a lead character who is neurotic, a whiner, a jerk with no redeeming qualities -- that is the central puzzle about this profoundly confused piece of work. A monstrous piece of trash. In addition to this crippling flaw, the plot line requires serious concentration to follow. The setup that the Branagh character walks into is so obviously a setup from the start that we are inclined to wonder whether the writer and director have totally lost respect for their audience. This latter issue is at the core of the film: it represents directorial self-indulgence with profound contempt for the taste, values, and intelligence of the viewer. Very unusual for Mr. Altman.Patrick Watson'), ('87', '3', 'There is not a single sympathetic character in this entire movie. Is it the lawyer played by Kenneth Branagh that we\'re supposed to be pulling for? Well, let\'s see -- we learn he\'s a sleazebag defense attorney who gets criminals off on technicalities. He treats his coworkers like cattle, gets them involved in his own personal crisis (in the process, getting one of them killed), jeopardizes the safety of his kids, threatens his ex-wife\'s new boyfriend, tries to strong-arm the police and school administrators -- and all this for what? Because he was THINKING WITH HIS LITTLE HEAD! I was really pulling for the father and his gang to beat the stuffing out of the lawyer and drown him in the swamp...it would have made for a far more satisfying ending.'), ('88', '3', 'This movie is like real life, by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the experimental lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved Gosford Park, but Pret A Porter anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no, it is not so bad it\'s good.It\'s just bad.'), ('89', '3', 'I rented this DVD for two reasons. A cast of great actors, and the director, even though Robert Altman can be hit or miss. In this case, it was a big miss. Altman\'s attempt at creating suspense fell on its keester. After seeing Kenneth Branagh in a good film like Dead Again, I didn\'t think he could possibly contribute to such a turkey, and I hope it didn\'t ruin his reputation. Robert Duvall seems to have fallen the way of most one-time Oscar winners. On a downward spiral that includes acting in eating-money films such as this one. Duvall was once a great actor in excellent films, even though his best performance was not \"Tender Mercies\", but \"The Great Santini\". This movie was truly a big waste of time. I give it a 2 out of 10.'), ('90', '3', 'A dreary and pointless bit of fluff (bloody fluff, but fluff). Badly scripted, with inane and wooden dialogue. You do not care if the characters (indeed, even if the actors themselves) live or die. Little grace or charm, little action, little point to the whole thing. Perhaps some of the set and setting will interest--those gaps between the boards of all the buildings may be true to the way life was lived. The framework encounter is unnecessary and distracting, and the Hoppalong Cassidy character himself is both boring and inept.');